Who is Arya Stark's wife?
Who escaped the persecution of House Stark?
What is Arya trained as at the House of Black and White in Braavos?
Who was the faceless man in Braavos?
What male line does Arya exterminate after returning to Westeros?
Who is the half-brother of Arya's half-brother?
Where did Arya return to?
Who manipulated Arya's half-brother?
Petyr Baelish was executed for his crimes against whom?
When did Arya kill the Night King?
Who killed Cersei Lannister?
Who destroys King's Landing?
Who convinces Arya to abandon her quest for vengeance?
Who is chosen as king in Westeros?
What does Arya decide to leave Westeros after bidding farewell to her siblings?
Who is the youngest daughter of Lady Catelyn and Lord Ned Stark?
Who are Arya Stark's daughters?
Where was Arya born and raised?
Who is Arya's bastard half-brother?
Who is Arya's older sister?
Who rejects the notion that she must become a lady and marry for influence and power?
What does Arya believe she can do?
What is Arya bored by?
Who does Arya take after?
Who is Arya close to?
Who taught Arya how to sew?
What does Bran, Jon, and Robb practice in the courtyard with their father?
How does Arya annoy Bran?
What does Bran chase Arya as their family chases?
Where does King Robert visit?
What happens to Arya when she joins the receiving line in the courtyard?
Who overheards Arya when she asks Sansa where the Imp is?
What does Arya test at the feast?
What does Robert name Arya's father?
What is Arya's name after a great warrior-queen of Essos?
What does Arya receive as a gift from Jon?
What does Arya name as a play on words that she may now enjoy doing needlework?
Who is the son of the butcher in the King's retinue?
Who spot Nymeria fighting?
Who does Nymeria cut when he threatens Arya?
Who threatens Arya with a sword?
What does Arya drive Nymeria off with so she won't be punished?
Where is Arya's father located?
Who does Arya support?
What does Arya call her a?
Who does Arya's wolf Nymeria call her a liar?
What did Arya join her sister in?
What does Arya break down into after seeing that the queen's order will be carried out?
What bodyguard murdered Mycah?
Where is Arya's father located?
Who does Arya support?
What does Arya call her a?
Who does Arya's wolf Nymeria call her a liar?
What did Arya join her sister in?
What does Arya break down into after seeing that the queen's order will be carried out?
What bodyguard murdered Mycah?
Who does Arya and Sansa meet?
Who does Arya ask about Littlefinger's nickname?
What do Arya see in the Red Keep?
Who brought his army across the Narrow Sea with the Targaryen exiles?
What happens to Arya after he overhears Varys and Illyrio Mopatis?
Who is Arya's father?
What are the Starks and Lannisters?
Who is the recruiter for the Night's Watch?
What is Arya mistaken for?
What happened to Arya while fighting Jaime?
Who teaches Arya how to ignore Jory's troubles to focus on fighting?
Where does Eddard send his daughters back to?
How are Sansa and Arya both?
Who does Arya want to leave?
What does Sansa feel is nothing compared to breaking her betrothal to Joffrey?
What does Eddard say he will choose another man for her to marry?
What does Sansa want to have her golden-haired lion?
What type of lion does Sansa want to have?
What interjection did Arya assert that he will be a stag like his father?
What is the name of the heir to the throne?
Who is Joffrey's son?
Who admits that her children were fathered by her brother Jaime?
What is the name of the man who kills the King when he is hunting?
Who have Eddard arrested and send guards to take Arya into custody while she is training with Syrio?
What does Eddard instruct Arya to do while he faces down the guards himself?
What is the name of the Kingsguard?
Who's fate is unknown?
Where does Arya go first?
What is the name of the sword Arya finds in the bottom of her luggage?
Who finds Arya's sword in the bottom of her luggage?
What happens to Arya as he comes at her?
Who does Arya run away to find her way out of the castle?
Who forces break out as a result of war?
Who admits that her children were fathered by her brother Jaime?
What is the name of the man who kills the King when he is hunting?
Who have Eddard arrested and send guards to take Arya into custody while she is training with Syrio?
What does Eddard instruct Arya to do while he faces down the guards himself?
What is the name of the Kingsguard?
Who's fate is unknown?
Where does Arya go first?
What is the name of the sword Arya finds in the bottom of her luggage?
Who finds Arya's sword in the bottom of her luggage?
What happens to Arya as he comes at her?
Who does Arya run away to find her way out of the castle?
Who forces break out as a result of war?
Who does Arya defend herself with?
What show will Arya pose as a fresh recruit for?
What does the Night's Watch tell Arya to do?
Who bullied Arya?
Who steps up to defend Arya?
Where does the entire group depart?
What is the name of Yoren's recruit?
Who is one of the prisoners in the wagon?
What happens when he is a murderer from the black cells of the dungeons?
Who are the two murderers who threaten Arya and Gendry?
Who sees through Arya's disguise?
Where do gold cloaks arrive?
What does Yoren intimidate the gold cloaks?
Who does Arya confess to?
What does Arya polish?
Who was Arya obsessed with?
Where did Willem return to?
What did Yoren have to take the black?
Who doesn't understand the point of the story?
Who helped the Gold Cloaks return?
Who did Yoren die heroically?
Where does a fire start during the skirmish?
What does Arya save the Gold Cloaks?
Who steals Needle from Arya?
Who does Arya convince that he killed Gendry?
Where does Ser Amory take his captives?
Who chooses one of Ser Amory's prisoners to be tortured by the Tickler?
Who begins a nightly recitation of the names of her enemies?
Who returns to Harrenhal and halts the ordeal?
Lord Tywin Lannister criticizes Gregor for what?
What does Lord Tywin Lannister realize Arya is?
What did Lord Tywin Lannister believe Arya was a girl posing as a boy?
What does Tywin make Arya his?
Who speaks with Tywin Lannister?
What does Tywin stop Arya?
What does Tywin realise that Arya is from the Riverlands?
What is Arya's first lie that she is from?
What does Arya repeat Upon being ed about the northerners' opinions of her brother, Robb Stark?
What does Tywin ask her if she believes he is invulnerable?
Who is now a Lannister man-at-arms?
How many deaths does Jaqen owe to her?
Who is found dead in the courtyard by Tywin Lannister?
Where is the Tickler found?
What does Arya do to Jaqen to signify his responsibility?
Who visits Lord Tywin?
What did Arya learn to read when she read a letter?
What does Arya distract by reading a letter?
Who steals Tywin's letter?
Who is the next victim of Tywin?
Who kills Jaqen before he is able to expose the theft?
How many of Tywin's men were killed?
Who is responsible for the assassination of Lord Tywin?
What war did Tywin discuss the importance of legacy and the destruction of Harrenhal?
What heightened Tywin's suspicions?
Where does Tywin drive Robb's armies from?
Who does Arya name to drive Robb's armies from the Westerlands?
Who is Jaqen's last target to protect Robb?
What does Jaqen do when he returns from patrol?
Who does Jaqen give his own name?
Who kills several guards that night?
Where does Tywin drive Robb's armies from?
Who does Arya name to drive Robb's armies from the Westerlands?
Who is Jaqen's last target to protect Robb?
What does Jaqen do when he returns from patrol?
Who does Jaqen give his own name?
Who kills several guards that night?
Where do Arya, Hot Pie, and Gendry continue to travel?
Who mistaken Arya, Hot Pie and Gendry for war refugees?
Where are Arya, Hot Pie and Gendry taken to?
Who is brought in as a captive?
Who spots Arya and reveals her true identity?
Who is Arya taken to at their hideout in the Riverlands?
Who accuses Clegane of murdering Mycah?
Who resurrected Dondarrion?
Who is declared innocent and released to Arya's disgust?
Who did Arya ask Gendry for repairing?
What does Gendry want to do to protect the smallfolk and join the Brotherhood?
Who chokes out she could be his family?
What would Arya be if he goes with her?
Who did Arya ask Gendry for repairing?
What does Gendry want to do to protect the smallfolk and join the Brotherhood?
Who chokes out she could be his family?
What would Arya be if he goes with her?
What does Melisandre anticipate?
Who is Melisandre's target?
Who does Melisandre's men take into her custody?
How many sacks of gold did Melisandre give to the Brotherhood?
What does Melisandre call Arya?
What does Melisandre look into Arya's eyes?
What does Melisandre see in her eyes?
What does Melisandre tell Arya that they will meet again?
What is the only true god Arya believes in?
What does Arya angrily call the Lannister soldiers out on?
Who kidnapped Arya before she gets too far?
Who is a captive of the Hound?
What happens if Arya fails to hit him and kill him?
What is the name of the horse that Arya sits with?
Who points out that for all she hates him, Arya could have been taken captive by far worse?
What was the story of Arya being taken captive by the Hound?
What does Sandor say about Arya?
What river does Arya initially think of the Hound?
What is the name of the river that Arya initially thinks Arya is taking her back to King's Landing?
Where did Arya believe the Hound was taking her back to?
Who will marry Arya and the Hound at the Twins?
What did Sandor tell Arya that if she was not so busy trying to bash his skull in?
What does Arya hide as the Hound spurs the horse to a gallop?
Who stops the Hound from killing the old man?
Sandor punches the hog farmer and what happens to him?
Who begs Sandor not to kill the hog farmer?
What blow blows Arya to the head?
Where does Arya gaze toward?
What is Arya afraid of?
What was the name of Sandor's flaming sword?
Who does Sandor taunt about the execution of her father?
What is Sandor's name?
What does Sandor tell a Frey guard they have for the wedding feast?
Where does Arya run away from Sandor?
Who kills the Stark men?
How many crossbowmen come out of the castle?
What does Sandor say is too late to enter the castle?
What did Sandor realize that any attempt to intervene at this point would be?
Who saw the aftermath of the Red Wedding?
What was the head of the mutilated corpse attached to Arya's brother's body?
What army is massacred during the Red Wedding?
How many Frey soldiers are there?
Who's body was sewed on Grey Wind's head?
What horse does Arya dismount from Sandor?
What does Sandor want to do to Arya?
Who gave the Braavosi coin to Arya?
What does Sandor do when she drops the Braavosi coin?
How many men draw their weapons?
What does Sandor ask Arya?
What is the name of the stableboy in which Arya confirms the first man?
Who whispers to Arya about the Braavosi coin?
Who is Arya's aunt?
What does Arya want to do for her to stay a distance away from the Hound?
What does the Hound argue that giving Arya a horse would provide her with the chance to escape?
Who listens as the Hound and Polliver talk?
What is Polliver's sword?
Who is still tucked into Polliver's belt?
Who looks over suspiciously when Arya and the Hound are in the tavern?
Who recognizes Arya?
Who turns hostile when Arya and Polliver are in the tavern?
What does Arya put a sword through the Hound?
Who stands over Polliver?
What does Polliver say to Lommy before he killed him?
What will Arya do to Polliver?
What happens to Polliver as Polliver realizes who she is?
What allows Arya to take one of the Lannister horses when they leave?
What do the Hound and Arya stop to do?
Where does Arya take her to?
What group does Arya say he might join?
Who asks the Hound what they are doing on his lands?
What is the name of the soldier that Arya makes up a story about the Hound being a soldier for?
What does Arya wake up to the next morning?
What has Arya beaten the farmer and taken his silver?
How many kingdoms is Arya the worst shit?
Who will not survive this winter?
What happens when Arya recites her list?
What does the Hound tell Arya to do after a while?
What does Arya say she can't go to sleep without saying all of the names?
Who asks Arya if she is going to name every person in Westeros?
What does the Hound say is as good as any motivation to keep a person going?
How many names would the Hound cross from their death lists?
What would Arya tell his brother to do if the Mountain was at their camp?
What does the Hound tell Arya to do?
How many names has Arya left to finish her death list?
What happens when Arya recites her list?
What does the Hound tell Arya to do after a while?
What does Arya say she can't go to sleep without saying all of the names?
Who asks Arya if she is going to name every person in Westeros?
What does the Hound say is as good as any motivation to keep a person going?
How many names would the Hound cross from their death lists?
What would Arya tell his brother to do if the Mountain was at their camp?
What does the Hound tell Arya to do?
How many names has Arya left to finish her death list?
What happens when Arya recites her list?
What does the Hound tell Arya to do after a while?
What does Arya say she can't go to sleep without saying all of the names?
Who asks Arya if she is going to name every person in Westeros?
What does the Hound say is as good as any motivation to keep a person going?
How many names would the Hound cross from their death lists?
What would Arya tell his brother to do if the Mountain was at their camp?
What does the Hound tell Arya to do?
How many names has Arya left to finish her death list?
Sandor addresses his wounds from whom?
Why is Sandor rebuffed?
What caused Sandor's facial scars?
What does Arya offer to Arya?
Who did Arya and Sandor feel no satisfaction over?
Who informs Arya and Sandor of Lysa Arryn's death?
Which two men encounter Brienne of when Arya and Sandor leave the Eyrie?
Who did Arya Stark wear to to find and protect?
Who is the man with Arya?
What is a gift from Jaime?
What do Brienne and Sandor believe they should be the one to watch over Arya?
Where did Brienne knock Sandor down?
What does Arya do instead of going with Brienne and Pod?
What is Sandor's name?
What was the name of the butcher's boy that he should have raped when he had the chance?
Who leaves Sandor to die?
What horse does Arya travel on?
Who is Arya's brother?
Where is Ternesio Terys going?
Who is the captain of the Titan's Daughter?
What ship does Ternesio Terys offer her a cabin aboard?
Where is Arya shown?
Where does Arya arrive?
Who would wake and protect Braavos whenever Braavos stood in danger in the old times?
What is Arya's response to the Titan?
Who lets out a loud blast announcing their arrival?
Where does Terys row Arya to?
Who gave Arya a coin?
Where does Arya wander into?
What do some boys intend to take from Arya while hunting for pigeons in Braavos?
What happens when the man from the House of Black and White appears again behind Arya?
Where did Arya return to the House of Black and White?
Who is Arya's face?
Who is Jaqen H'ghar?
Who helps another man in drinking from the temple's well?
What does Arya tell Jaqen when she leaves to pray?
Who recites the phrase that means all men must serve?
How many men take Arya's body away?
Who accosted Arya?
Who demands the Waif to stop?
What weapon did The Waif use to attack the Waif?
What does Arya need to do to meet the order's initiation requirements?
What is Arya too attached to?
When Arya is sweeping the floor, Jaqen escorts Arya to an inner chamber where she is to help the
What does the Waif do when Arya asks?
How many men take Arya's corpse away?
When does the Waif tell Arya that she will know what?
What does Arya want to do?
What did the Waif tell Arya she tried playing the game of faces?
Who asks Arya who she is?
What does Arya ask Arya when she is about to walk away?
How did the Waif try to poison Arya?
Who did the Waif seek out to exact Arya's revenge?
Who does the Waif ask if she believed the story?
What does the Waif say Arya must be able to do to pass the game of faces?
Who comes to test Arya when Arya is asleep?
What group did Jaqen H'ghar tell Arya how she came to join?
What is Jaqen able to tell when Arya is lying?
What does Jaqen H'ghar say to Arya?
Where does a grieving father bring his daughter to?
Who shows Arya the Hall of Faces?
Who brought Arya to the Hall of Faces?
Where were all the faces taken from?
What does Jaqen H'ghar ask Arya if she is ready to do?
What does Jaqen H'ghar say Arya is ready to become?
Who is Arya posing as?
Who is Arya distracted by before the assassination?
Who does Meryn Trant guard on his way to the Iron Bank?
What is the name of the brothel that Arya follows to?
What does Meryn Trant prefer?
Who did Arya report her failure to kill the Thin Man?
How many girls is Trant given the next night?
What happens to the first two of Trant's beatings?
What does Trant do to the third girl?
What is the name of the girl that Trant reveals herself as?
Who does Arya stab in the eye?
What did Arya tease Meryn Trant about?
When did Syrio Forel die?
What does Arya assume about Meryn Trant?
What happens to Meryn Trant?
What is Meryn Trant's name?
What is Arya's punishment for stealing from the Many-Faced God?
Who caught Arya's punishment for stealing from the Many-Faced God?
What is Arya's punishment for stealing from the Many-Faced God?
What does the Waif say can pay for life?
Who drinks the poison before Arya thinks she is about to be poisoned?
Who did the Waif reveal to Arya?
How many faces does Arya remove from Jaqen's body?
What color does Arya's eyes fill over with as she is rendered blind as punishment?
What does Arya fight the Waif?
What happened to Arya after overhearing two passing citizens?
What is the name of the stick Arya fights and loses another sparring match against the Waif?
Who does the Waif leave Arya?
Who does Arya rejoin?
Who beats Arya in another sparring match?
Who stops Arya?
Who allows Arya to return to the House of Black and White?
What happens between Arya and the Waif?
What does Arya learn to cope with while telling the Waif her story and list of targets?
Who gives Arya a cup from the well in the House of Black and White?
What does Jaqen drink to Arya?
What actress is Arya tasked with killing?
Who does Lady Crane portray in The Bloody Hand?
Who is jealous of Lady Crane?
What does Arya poison after watching The Bloody Hand?
Who notices Arya and the two briefly converse about the play?
What does the Cersei character's response to the death of her son include?
What does Crane do after asking Arya if she likes pretending to be others?
Who did Arya blame for the poisoning of Lady Crane's rum?
Who retrieves Needle?
What does Arya retrieve from its hiding place?
Who did The Waif report Arya's failure to kill Arya?
What did Arya abandon her goal of becoming?
Who stabs Arya?
Who stabs Arya in the stomach?
Where is Arya left stumbling through?
Where does Lady Crane collapse from her injuries?
Where does Lady Crane take Arya to?
What does Lady Crane take to relieve Arya's pain?
Who murdered Arya?
Who pursues Arya?
Where does Arya find herself after scurrying the back-alleys of Braavos?
How do Arya's wounds become undone?
What is the hideout in which Arya lures the Waif to?
What does Arya start by confronting Needle?
How does Arya fight the Waif?
Where does Arya remove her face?
Who sent the Waif to kill her?
What is the name of Jaqen's training?
What is Arya's name?
Where does Jaqen return to?
Who reveals herself to Walder Frey?
Who was the cause of the deaths of Black Walder Rivers and Lame Lothar Frey?
Who does Arya serve as a serving girl?
What does Arya do after she reveals her true identity?
Who killed House Frey's sons?
What did Arya give her audience after poisoning House Frey's sons?
What does Arya refuse to let any of the women partake?
What was the name of the infamous Frey wedding?
What do the Frey sons begin to do?
Who is Walder's wife?
What does a small convoy of Lannister soldiers get Arya attention with?
What do Lannister soldiers offer Arya?
Where is Arya heading?
Who did Arya admit she is planning to kill?
Arya chooses her home instead of what?
Who chooses her home instead of revenge?
Arya chooses her home instead of what?
Arya chooses her home instead of what?
Who chooses her home instead of revenge?
Arya chooses her home instead of what?
Who returns to Winterfell?
What is the name of Arya Stark?
Who can prove Arya Stark's identity?
What does the guards tell Arya that there is nobody by the names at Winterfell?
Who does Arya ask for?
Who is Arya's sister?
What do the guards try to brush Arya Stark aside?
What are the guards concerned about Arya Stark?
What happens to Arya Stark as soon as they take their eyes off her?
What is Arya Stark's name?
Where does Arya look over their father's grave?
What is the first thing that has happened to Arya and Sansa in the past few years?
What does Sansa Lady Stark insist on?
What does Sansa Lady Stark do?
Who left Arya in charge of Sansa Lady Stark?
What do Arya and Arya look sadly on?
What does Arya say about Jon and Arya?
What does Sansa acknowledge?
What does Arya point out about Jon and Arya?
Who did Sansa kill?
What did Sansa explain to Arya about Joffrey?
What did Arya say he was at the top of her list?
What did Arya say she was keeping a list of everyone she was going to kill?
What did Sansa only say about Arya's road?
What did Sansa say her road wasn't?
What did Sansa say they did to Arya?
Who is home to Arya?
Who does Sansa not mention?
Who is Arya reunited with?
What is Arya saddened to see?
Where did Bran see Arya?
What does Sansa say Bran is having?
Where did Bran think Arya was going to?
Who is on Bran's list of names?
Who gave the Valyrian steel dagger to Bran?
Why is Arya still disinterested in the Valyrian steel dagger?
What type of steel does Arya think a cutthroat would have?
Who did Bran say wanted to kill Arya?
What does Bran say Arya can have?
Where are the three trueborn Stark children reunited?
Who knocks Brienne down when he overextends himself?
Who interrupts and says she'd like to spar with Brienne?
Who watch on silently from the walkway above?
What training did Syrio Forel use to help Arya outmaneuver Brienne?
What kind of openings does Arya achieve if she wanted them to be?
What happens to a sparring session with Arya?
What kind of dagger did Arya switch to in her belt?
Who uses her speed and agility to compensate for Brienne's strength and size?
What is Arya's position as a noblewoman?
What does Arya do to Brienne?
What does each of Brienne's arms hold at the other's throat?
Who looks down baffled at how her sister reached a deadly skill level?
Who watched Arya's duel with Brienne?
Who did Sansa address over their concerns with Jon's absence?
When did the Vale come to Sansa's aid?
Who did Sansa pled her loyalty to?
Who confronts Sansa about her apparent inaction towards Glover and Royce?
Who did Sansa remind her sister that they need to work together in order to survive?
Who is adamant that they should have been executed?
Where does Littlefinger hide a rolled parchment inside Sansa's mattress?
Who planted the letter on purpose to manipulate Arya?
Who watches with satisfaction as Arya leaves the room?
What did Arya discover about her father's death?
Where did Arya watch her sister's letter from the balcony?
Who did Arya and Sansa's brothers finish training with?
Who resentfully states that he was killed by the Lannisters with Sansa's help?
What did Sansa insist she was forced to write?
What did Arya call her stupid for?
What statue did Arya see from?
Who claims that Sansa is afraid she will show the letter to the northern lords?
What did Littlefinger suggest Sansa use to protect her from Arya?
Who resentfully states that he was killed by the Lannisters with Sansa's help?
What did Sansa insist she was forced to write?
What did Arya call her stupid for?
What statue did Arya see from?
Who claims that Sansa is afraid she will show the letter to the northern lords?
What did Littlefinger suggest Sansa use to protect her from Arya?
Who does Arya kill on Sansa's orders?
Who does Sansa direct to to list a series of crimes against House Stark?
What was the name of Petyr's new dagger?
What do Baelish's attempts to manipulate the situation turn to when Arya moves in and slits his throat with his own
Who discuss their pasts?
What does Sansa think Arya could have?
What are the strengths of Arya and Sansa?
Who stands among the residents of Winterfell as they watch Jon, Queen Daenerys Targaryen and their combined forces march through the town
Who does Arya notice among the entourage?
What is Arya fascinated by when Drogon and Rhaegal fly overhead?
Who replies that Arya is lurking somewhere when Jon and Daenerys arrive before the Stark entourage?
Who stands among the residents of Winterfell as they watch Jon, Queen Daenerys Targaryen and their combined forces march through the town
Who does Arya notice among the entourage?
What is Arya fascinated by when Drogon and Rhaegal fly overhead?
Who replies that Arya is lurking somewhere when Jon and Daenerys arrive before the Stark entourage?
Who is Arya reunited with?
Who visits Sandor's forges and presents the Hound with a custom-made axe of dragonglass?
What does Arya tell Gendry to do?
What does the Hound call Arya?
Who reunites with Gendry?
Who does Gendry agree with?
What does Arya show him her dagger?
Who does Arya shoot back that Gendry doesn't know any other highborn girls?
What has the army of the dead taken?
Who asks Gendry if her weapon is ready?
What does Arya tell Gendry to do before asking him what was fighting the wights like?
What does Gendry say about the wights?
What does Gendry say about the wights?
What is the name of the wights that Arya is unsatisfied with?
What does Gendry say the wights are like?
How many dragonglass daggers does Arya pick up?
What does Arya stand for?
What is the weapon Arya receives from Gendry?
What ritual does Arya tell her about?
What did Arya force Gendry to admit his parentage as?
What does Gendry admit to being intimate with Melisandre?
Why does Arya want to know the feeling of physical love before she does?
What does Arya do to Gendry?
Who is Arya waiting for?
Who is stationed on the walls overlooking the battlefield alongside Sansa?
Where does Arya tell Sansa to go and hand her a dragonglass dagger?
What does Arya say to Sansa?
What does Arya shoot at the wights?
Who couldn't light the trench as planned?
Who gives the living some moment of reprieve?
Who does Arya fight on the ramparts of Winterfell?
Who is surprised by Arya's ability to kill off many wights?
Who knocked Arya into a doorway?
What does Arya feel about the gash at the side of her head?
What does Arya take as she traverses through the corridors?
What does Arya hide from?
Where does Arya hide from the wights?
What does Arya throw a book into an area of the room away from the exit?
What does Arya dispatch on the way?
What is Arya's relief?
Who is saved by Beric?
Where does Arya appear when a wight tackles her?
What does Beric throw into Arya's doorway?
How is Beric stabbed in the leg while the Hound fights more wights?
Where does Beric pin a wight to?
What does Arya pick up to kill the wights hurting Arya?
Who saved Beric?
What did Melisandre say Beric had fulfilled?
Who said that Beric would meet again?
What did Melisandre say to Arya?
What color does Melisandre remind Arya of her destiny?
What does Melisandre do to Arya?
What does Melisandre say to?
Who was the acolyte of the Faceless Men?
What do the Faceless Men share before Arya leaves her and the Hound?
Who arrives to the godswood after his army cleared the path for him?
What is the name of Arya's dagger?
What did the Night King shatter into?
Which wights shatter with Arya's death?
What did the Night King shatter into?
Which wights shatter with Arya's death?
Why does Arya refuse to marry Westeros?
How many years ago did Arya say to Daenerys?
What does Arya continue to practice?
Who attends the discussions regarding Daenerys resuming her conquest of Westeros?
What does Daenerys believe must be taken as soon as possible?
Where will the North march to?
When the meeting is adjourned, what happens to Arya and Sansa?
Who express their distrust towards Daenerys?
Who did Jon do when he bent the knee to?
What does Arya say they'll never know Daenerys because she's not one of them?
What does Arya say they can't only trust the people they grew up with?
Who disagrees with Jon?
What is Arya's brother?
What is Jon's brother's name?
What did Jon swear about Daenerys' heritage?
Who tells Arya and Sansa about Daenerys?
Who departs Winterfell?
Who asks why Arya was leaving Winterfell?
Who vaguely hints Arya's intentions?
What two men intend to seek revenge on?
Where do Arya and Sandor ride towards?
Where do the two arrive the night before battle is set to begin?
Who stops Arya and Sandor?
Who tells the guard that she came to kill Cersei?
Where do Arya and Sandor enter?
Who is Arya determined to revenge on?
Who wrought the destruction of the Red Keep on top of Drogon?
What does Sandor do to Arya?
What does Sandor call Arya for the first time?
What kind of flames does Arya escape?
How is Arya unable to help anyone?
When is the Battle of King's Landing over?
Who attends the Great Council?
Who did Arya witness to the Dothraki and Unsullied?
Who is involved in the trial of Daenerys?
Who agrees with the idea of Unsullied doing what they want with Jon?
Who manages to defuse the situation?
Who should choose their new king or queen?
What does Arya withhold at the meeting?
Who bids farewell to Jon?
Who did Arya fulfill her promise to sail to the west of Westeros?
What does Jon ask her if she has with her?
Where does Arya depart?
What social expectations are Arya unconstrained by?
Who did Arya never aspire to be a proper lady?
What does Arya make others smile?
Where does she begin to endure a constant stream of loss and trauma?
When she watches her pet, sword instructor, friends, and family members taken from her one by one, what happens to her?
Who captures King's Landing?
When she witnesses and learns of the betrayal and murder of her family at the Red Wedding, what happens to her?
Where did Yoren stab the stableboy?
What is Syrio's belief that the only true god is?
Who advised Syrio to kill each night before she sleep?
Who can be a rather cold-blooded and slightly sadistic person at times?
What did Arya not attempt to hide her glee over slitting Walder Frey's throat?
What has Arya shown to be willing to use to worsen her enemies fate?
Who did Polliver gouge the eyes of before stabbing him?
What is Arya not blinded by?
What does Arya choose to do against her enemies after learning that her family has retaken Winterfell?
What is the name of the family that Arya has retaken?
What does Arya prefer?
Who was Arya distrustful of during the Battle of King's Landing?
Why did Arya not actively speak out against Daenerys?
Where did Arya ride with the Hound to kill Cersei?
What does Arya withhold during the council meeting to elect the next monarch?
What does all of this speak to?
What does Arya's list contain?
Who was never included in Arya's kill list?
Who was never included in Arya's kill list?
Who was Roose Bolton's son?
Who did Arya not include for taking Winterfell in the first place?
Who recaptured the castle and supposedly killed Theon?
What does Arya's list contain?
Who was never included in Arya's kill list?
Who was never included in Arya's kill list?
Who was Roose Bolton's son?
Who did Arya not include for taking Winterfell in the first place?
Who recaptured the castle and supposedly killed Theon?
Who was the executioner who beheaded her father?
What type of cancer did Ilyn Payne develop after Season 2?
Who died in the deaths of?
Who was the Spoken by?
What is a Spoken about?
What role does Maisie Williams play Arya?
What is Maisie Williams's position in the books?
Who would be outraged if she didn't play Arya left-handed?
Who wore large, millimeter-wide contact lenses?
How can Arya see her eyes?
When Arya is blinded, how did she see her eyes?
Who told Williams to use the blinding-contacts from the start?
When did Williams explain that the true blindness contacts were only used?
What kind of holes did Williams switch to when she was blind?
What were the times when Williams is moving around and wearing the alternate contacts she can actually see through?
Who was a stunt double for Maisie Williams in the role of Arya Stark?
Who was Kristina Baskett a stunt double for?
Who was Kristina Baskett a stunt double for?
How is Arya portrayed in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
Who is portrayed in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
How does Arya lose her humanity?
How old is Arya when King Robert arrives at Winterfell?
Who does Arya want to learn how to fight with a sword and ride horses?
Who is Arya's half-brother?
Who stole Arya's real sister?
Who is the only trueborn child of the Starks?
What did Jon assure Arya that she is?
What is Arya's long face called by her sister and her sister's friends?
What is Arya known as by the Winterfell staff?
What is Arya Underfoot in the TV series?
What did Arya do in the novels?
Who did Yoren tell Arya about?
What is something that Yoren starts doing on her own?
Who was not supposed to die that day?
Who told Yoren that Lord Eddard was to be given mercy, allowed to take the black, and would be traveling back with him to the Wall
Who did Arya respond to when he said something must have gone wrong?
What did Joffrey respond to when he said something must have gone wrong?
What role does Tywin serve in Season of the TV series?
Who captured Harrenhal from Amory Lorch?
Who does Tywin use to open Harrenhal to Roose Bolton and the Northmen?
Where was Arya's storyline at?
What is Arya exposed to on a regular basis after being captured by Ser Gregor Clegane's men?
Who beats Arya?
What is the name of the man-at-arms for Gregor Clegane?
What is the second name that Arya chooses?
Who are not killed by Jaqen H'ghar?
Where was Arya's storyline at?
What is Arya exposed to on a regular basis after being captured by Ser Gregor Clegane's men?
Who beats Arya?
What is the name of the man-at-arms for Gregor Clegane?
What is the second name that Arya chooses?
Who are not killed by Jaqen H'ghar?
Who becomes the master of Harrenhal?
Why does Arya leave Harrenhal?
Who died in the fall of Arya Bolton?
Who is a sellsword for Arya?
Where does Arya pray to the old gods?
Where does Hot Pie arrive?
What do the guards ride away from Harrenhal?
Who was declared the new King in the North?
Where does Bran and Rickon use the title of prince among the Northerners?
What is Arya normally not referred to as?
What does Robb, Catelyn, and the Freys refer to Arya as when brokering their marriage-alliance?
Who served under Elmar Frey?
What does Elmar try to do to Arya?
Who breached the pact with the Freys?
How many of Arya's brothers are dead?
What happens when Arya responds derisively?
Who is presumed dead by most people in Westeros?
Who has been acting as an envoy ferrying peace terms between Robb and Tyrion Lannister?
Who deliberately kept Arya out of sight?
Who did Catelyn release in the hope that her last daughter can be returned to her?
What is the name of his half-brother?
In the third novel, Arya leads Gendry and Hot Pie through the Riverlands in the hope of reaching what?
What map does Hot Pie use to guide them through the Riverlands?
Who attacks the men that Arya steals from Roose?
Who coerces Arya into coming with them to an inn that's used as one of the headquarters?
What is the promise of the Brotherhood Without Banners?
What does Arya try to do with the Brotherhood Without Banners?
Who is the former member of the Stark Household guard?
Who does Harwin take Arya to the Brotherhood?
Who remains at the inn?
What does Arya describe Gendry as?
Who entrusts Gendry with her true identity?
What is the relationship between Arya and Gendry?
Who offers to have sex with Gendry?
Who shows interest in Arya?
When does a love song appear in the series?
Who is Arya pained when he chooses to stay behind with?
Where does Arya see more of the results of war?
When does another member of the Brotherhood capture the Hound?
Where is Beric hiding?
What does Beric do to the Hound?
Who lets the Hound go, but takes his gold to buy food for the smallfolk?
What does Arya feel is allowed to go free even though he is guilty?
Who follows the Brotherhood after they leave the Hollow Hill to take Arya to Riverrun?
What does the Hound do after they leave the Hollow Hill to take Arya to Riverrun?
Who replaces Arya in the show?
What kind of child does the Ghost of High Heart look at Arya?
What is the name of the wolf child?
What do you think you are to come to my hill?
Where did Arya gorge on grief?
What kind of heart does Arya have?
What does Arya wonder if the woman is mad?
What does Arya wonder if the woman is?
What prophecies does Arya give them?
Who sees that Catelyn isn't at Riverrun?
Who does the Brotherhood plan to take Arya to?
Who did the Hound collect Catelyn's ransom from?
When does the Hound plan to get Catelyn to the Twins?
Who attacks the Northerners before they can get very far?
What does the Hound do to Catelyn?
What does the Hound refuse to do when Catelyn wakes?
Where does Arya go while she sleeps?
What does Arya go into when she finds Catelyn's body in Nymeria?
Who does the Hound plan to sell Catelyn to?
Who was killed in Joffrey's death?
Who do Arya and the Hound encounter in the novels?
What do Arya and The Hound fight at the Crossroads Inn?
Who does the Hound kill?
What happens to the Hound during the fight?
What does Arya refuse to give him a merciful death?
What does Arya do not take?
Where does Arya ride to to find a ship that will take her to Jon at the Wall?
Where can Arya find a ship that she boards using the coin Jaqen gave her?
Where is Arya escorted to?
What can Arya only identify as in A Feast for Crows?
What is the name of the coin that Arya presents in A Feast for Crows?
What must Arya be at all times and in all things?
What can Arya find?
What does Arya insist on?
What is the only thing Arya keeps?
What does Needle do to Arya?
What two cooks do Arya spend time with?
What is the name of the fishmonger Arya works for?
What name does Arya try to use during her first tasks?
What language does Brusco learn to master?
What do Brusco tell the kindly man three new things she learned?
Who does not complain about Brusco's wolf dreams?
Who is Arya's wolf dream?
What do Brusco's daughters note about her wolf dreams?
What was Arya's job as?
What was Arya's job as?
What is Arya indifferent to hear about her aunt's death?
Who saves Arya from two bullies?
Who is Samwell Tarly's companion?
What is Sam's companion?
Who announces that he plans to make a life for himself in Braavos?
Why does Arya dissociate herself from her past?
What does the kindly man give Arya?
Who saves Arya from two bullies?
Who is Samwell Tarly's companion?
What is Sam's companion?
Who announces that he plans to make a life for himself in Braavos?
Why does Arya dissociate herself from her past?
What does the kindly man give Arya?
Who gives Arya her first assignment to kill the old insurance seller?
What is Arya uncertain about?
What does the Kindly Man do to Arya?
What does the Kindly Man do to Arya?
Where does the Kindly Man order Arya to begin her first apprenticeship?
What is the reason Arya is not ordered to kill any of the actors?
Who is the new identity of the Kindly Man?
Who does Arya notice while she is there?
Who gives Arya her first assignment to kill the old insurance seller?
What is Arya uncertain about?
What does the Kindly Man do to Arya?
What does the Kindly Man do to Arya?
Where does the Kindly Man order Arya to begin her first apprenticeship?
What is the reason Arya is not ordered to kill any of the actors?
Who is the new identity of the Kindly Man?
Who does Arya notice while she is there?
Who is forced by the Lannisters to pose as Arya?
Which Northerner joined the forces to rescue Arya from the Boltons?
What is Jon's belief that his sister is being forced to marry?
What does Jon do as a member of the Night's Watch?
Who does Melisandre send to save Arya?
What does Jon try to find to foster Arya across the sea?
What is Jon's closest relationship to Arya?
Who does the plan with Mance and the spearwives lead to?
What letter does Ramsay send to Jon?
Where does Jon decide to rescue Arya from the Boltons?
Who's death list in the books is partially different than in the show?
Where does Arya begin reciting the names of the first twelve people on her list?
Who oversees Arya's work in Harrenhal?
What is the name of the phrase that Arya learned from Jaqen?
How many people are confirmed dead?
Who never retrieved Gendry from the Brotherhood Without Banners?
Who does Melisandre not add to her list?
What type of portrayal did Arya lose her humanity?
What did Arya realize was the duel between Beric and the Hound?
Who does Arya kill before she kills a guard at?
What is the name of the woman who cheats Arya?
Who does Arya murder people who have not done her, her family or friends any ill?
What has Arya become?
What does Arya seem to care about?
Who was Eddard's maternal grandmother?
What clan did the main novels mention that Eddard's grandmother was from?
Who are the minor Houses loyal to?
What type of folk are Winterfell?
What clan is located just off the northwest coast?
Who joins the clans in his military campaign against the ironborn and the Boltons?
Who is the only book character that has POV chapters in all five published novels?
How many novels is Arya the only character to have POV chapters in?
Who is the only book character that has POV chapters in all five published novels?
How many novels is Arya the only character to have POV chapters in?
Who is the only book character that has POV chapters in all five published novels?
How many novels is Arya the only character to have POV chapters in?
What percentage of Disney's Star Daenery TargaryenRhaegar TargaryenArya StarkSansa Star
What percentage of Disney's Star Daenery TargaryenRhaegar TargaryenArya StarkSansa Star
Who is Bran's second son?
Who is the Warden of the North?
What is one of the constituent regions of the Seven Kingdoms?
Where does House Stark rule the region?
Where was Bran born?
Who is Bran's first cousin by his aunt Lyanna Stark?
Who executed Brandon?
What is Bran's name when he has done something wrong?
What is Bran's favorite hobby?
What does Bran practice under his brothers' guidance?
Under whom does Bran practice archery?
What does Bran practice under his brothers' guidance?
Under whom does Bran practice archery?
Where does Ned leave Bran?
What is the name of the assassin who attempts to kill Bran?
Who struggles with the man until Summer arrives and rips out the would-be assassin's throat?
At what end of Bran's bed does Summer stand guard?
What is the name of Sansa's direwolf?
Where does Catelyn leave for?
Who did Old Nan tell Bran about the winter?
Who did the Long Night face?
Who interrupts the White Walkers?
What does Robb say he would rather be dead, to Robb's distress?
What does Bran say he would rather be dead to?
How many ravens fly into the crypts of Winterfell?
Who has stopped at Winterfell on his way home?
Who has designed a special saddle that will allow Bran to ride despite his injuries?
Who is confident that Tyrion's saddle will work?
What does Luwin suggest Bran could learn to use a shortbow from?
Why did Luwin refuse to tell Bran why she left?
Who is confident that Tyrion's saddle will work?
What does Luwin suggest Bran could learn to use a shortbow from?
Why did Luwin refuse to tell Bran why she left?
What injured Robert Baratheon while hunting in a drunken state?
Who did Ned challenge the legitimacy of Robert Baratheon's heir?
What does Bran say to Robb when he leads the Stark armies to war?
Who did Bran try to reassure Robb that he will return?
Where does Bran pray for Robb's return?
Who is the servant of Winterfell?
What is the name of Osha's dream?
What is Osha's opinion?
What does Bran taunt Osha about?
What is the name of Bran's deceased relatives?
Who was in Bran's dream?
Who are the names of Bran's relatives?
Who has dreamt of Bran's father?
Who go back to the surface and try to soothe Bran's worries about his father?
Who reveals that Ned was executed for treason?
Where does Hodor walk?
Where does Hodor walk?
Who tutors Bran in rulership at Winterfell?
What is the name of Bran's dream as he sees his reflection in the Godswood?
What is the name of the wolf above Bran?
Who tells Bran that the Red Comet is a symbol of the return of dragons to the known world?
What does Bran say about the return of dragons to the world?
What is the name of Summer's dream?
What does Summer see himself awakening?
Who reassures Bran that magic has been absent from the world for centuries?
What did Maester Luwin say he once heard of?
What does Bran sit at the high table as?
Who is the Lord of Winterfell?
What does Ser Rodrik Cassel do to Winterfell?
What has been besieged by Ser Rodrik?
Who does Bran surrender Winterfell to?
What does Theon tell Bran that he has seized Winterfell?
What does Theon say Bran reluctantly complies with?
Who is captured on his return from Torrhen's Square?
Who is Rodrik's traitor?
Why is Theon forced to execute Winterfell?
What does Theon carry out?
Who tells Bran that his dream came true?
Who helps Bran escape from the Iron Islands?
Who is the brother of Bran's brother?
Where are Bran and Rickon hiding under Winterfell?
Who tracks Bran and Rickon with hounds but loses their scent at the farm?
How many charred corpses did Bran and Rickon return to Winterfell?
Where are Theon hiding under Theon's nose?
Who are the two orphan boys that Bran and Rickon had previously assigned to assist a shepherd?
Who leaves Bran behind?
Where do the Starks emerge from?
Where do the Starks find their half-brother Jon?
Who does Bran make a tearful farewell to?
Where is Bran on the way to?
What does Bran dream about?
What does Bran try to shoot?
Who does Bran awaken for a moment?
What does Osha say they have enough problems without?
Where do the direwolves Summer and Shaggydog head north?
Who is Bran's sister?
What is the rare gift of seeing the past and present through his dreams?
Who is responsible for bringing the sight to Bran?
Who is distrustful of the siblings?
Who is Bran having a shared greensight dream with?
What is the name of the raven that Bran and Jojen are having a shared greensight dream with?
What does Jojen advise Bran to follow?
Where did Bran climb a tower?
Who is Bran having a shared greensight dream with?
What is the name of the raven that Bran and Jojen are having a shared greensight dream with?
What does Jojen advise Bran to follow?
Where did Bran climb a tower?
Who does Bran solve a dispute between Osha and Meera Reed?
What does Jojen Reed experience while sleeping?
Who did Jojen see with the wildlings?
What story did Bran and Jojen listen to?
What happened to Osha?
Who has been waiting for Bran to find him since Bran fell from the tower?
What does the group notice after seeking shelter in a derelict windmill?
What sounds terrify Hodor?
What does Jojen tell Hodor?
What does Bran use his Warg powers to render Hodor unconscious?
Where does Jojen convince Bran to skinchange?
Who was Rickon's half-brother?
Where did Osha say Jon will be heading to?
Who is a loyal bannerman of the Starks?
Who does Bran bid a tearful farewell to?
What castle is rumored to be haunted?
Who is Jon's fellow Night's Watch comrade?
Where do the Reeds, Hodor and Summer go?
Who tells Sam that they are going beyond the Wall?
What secret does Sam show to the White Walkers?
Who did Bran pass beyond the Wall?
What tree does Bran skinchange with?
What angers Bran?
What do they warn Bran that if he stays in the wolf too long, he will stay in Summer permanently and lose everything he has
Who asks Bran to carry him to the Heart tree?
What is the name of the Heart tree on a hill?
What does Bran tell the others that he knows?
Where is Bran held?
What sounds do Bran and his companions hear?
What does Bran find in Summer's mind?
What trap does Summer catch before he can free Ghost?
Who is the prisoner for Summer and Ghost?
Who threatens to kill Hodor?
What does Bran decide to do to fulfill his destiny?
Who ties up Meera and prepares to rape her?
Who offers to help Bran?
Who refuses to kill Meera?
Who searches for Bran and attempts to escape the keep with Bran?
Who does Hodor catch up to?
Who does Bran lift off the ground?
What do Bran try to do to get his attention?
Where does Jon go with Jon?
What does Bran prepare to do if he goes with Jon back to Castle Black?
What ambushed Bran's group?
Why is Jojen fatally stabbed?
Who leads the group into a cave after burning Jojen's body when she dies?
What does Child of the Forest explain?
Who is revealed to not be a bird but a very old man whose body is fused to the roots of the weirwood tree
What did Meera say about Jojen?
Who asks how he knows Jojen?
What does the raven tell Bran that he did not want anyone to die for him?
What did the raven say Jojen died?
What does Bran ask the raven to do to Jojen?
What does the raven say Bran will never walk again?
Who is still believed to have killed Bran and Rickon at the hands of Theon?
Who killed Bran and Rickon?
What happens when Sansa asks if he knows where they might have gone to?
What does Sansa feel about the revelation that Bran and Rickon are still alive?
What is the name of the name of the three-eyed Raven who visits Winterfell in the past?
Who was Bran's father Ned and his uncle Benjen Stark?
Who is the younger brother of Bran's aunt Lyanna Stark?
What is the name of the stable boy Hodor used to be before he became simpleton?
What does the Three-Eyed Raven warn Bran about?
Who tells Bran that she was having trouble coping with their apparent inaction to the coming war?
Where does Bran remind Meera that she was having trouble coping with the loss of Jojen?
Who tells Meera of Bran's importance to Bran's future?
Where did Bran and the Three-Eyed Raven view the events that unfolded towards the end of Robert's Rebellion?
Who is one of Ned Stark's bannermen?
Which two Kingsguards guard the Tower of Joy?
How many men are duel at the Tower of Joy?
Who defeats nearly all of Ned's retainers?
What did Bran feel about the stories he heard?
What is the name of the sword that Ned partially decapitated?
What is the name of the woman screamed from the tower?
Why does Ned stop to look around?
Who brings both Ned and Bran out of the past?
How many years ago did Bran and the Three-Eyed Raven witness the creation of the first White Walker?
Why did Leaf confess to the revelation?
What culture did Bran recall that made the White Walkers a necessary action?
What does Bran connect with without the consent of the Raven?
Who intercepts Bran's vision by touching him?
Who informs Bran that the Night King has knowledge of their location?
What does Bran connect with without the consent of the Raven?
Who intercepts Bran's vision by touching him?
Who informs Bran that the Night King has knowledge of their location?
What is Benjen still caught in visions about?
Who is able to kill all the wights?
Who does Benjen urge Bran to come with him?
What is the name of Bran's uncle?
Who stopped Benjen from becoming a Wight?
What is the name of Benjen's uncle?
What happens to Bran and Meera?
What do Bran and Meera leave by the weirwood?
How does Bran see the weirwood?
What is Bran's name?
Where does Bran return to his vision?
Who does Ned find in a bed of her own blood?
Who implored Ned to protect him from?
Who is Bran's half-brother?
Who led the men of the Night's Watch?
What tree did the White Walkers see from the Night's Watch?
Where do the Rangers escort Bran and Meera?
Where does Jon leave Winterfell?
Where did Sansa leave for?
Where do Sansa and Bran talk by the weirwood tree?
Who does Bran want to talk to when Sansa mentions Bran?
What did Sansa initially believe Bran would be?
Who did Bran tell Sansa about her white wedding dress when she married?
Who made Bran's wheelchair?
What was the name of the assassin that Petyr responds to?
What does Bran say to Varys after thwarting his plan to marry Sansa to Loras Tyrell?
What does Petyr say to Bran?
What is the name of Bran's profession?
Where does Bran ask if she is leaving?
Who made Bran's wheelchair?
What was the name of the assassin that Petyr responds to?
What does Bran say to Varys after thwarting his plan to marry Sansa to Loras Tyrell?
What does Petyr say to Bran?
What is the name of Bran's profession?
Where does Bran ask if she is leaving?
Where are the ravens dangerously close to?
Who spots Bran and dispels the warged ravens?
Who orders Bran to send out carrier ravens?
Who sends out carrier ravens?
Who did Bran watch Bran's execution?
Where did the Stark household die?
Who did Bran tell Bran that he lied to his parents about his dagger?
Who was Bran's former childhood friend?
Who does Bran meet with in his chambers?
Who is Jon returning to Winterfell?
Who did the High Septon secretly annul Rhaegar's marriage to?
What was based on a lie?
What is Jon's name?
Where does Bran watch the Night King destroy a large portion of the Wall?
Who greet Bran when they return to the North?
Who has seen Bran before leaving for the Wall?
Who returns to Winterfell after a tense meeting with the council?
Who did the council decide to spare Bran's life?
What does Bran say he is not angry, much to Jaime's astonishment?
What is the name of the new Night King?
Who guards Bran during the Battle of Winterfell?
Who is the sole surviving defender of the Night King?
Who does Bran call to as the Night King finally stands a few feet away?
Who made one last ill-advised charge against the Night King?
Who finally crosses the gap between Jon and Daenerys?
Who does Bran catch when the Night King reaches for his weapon?
Who plunged the blade given to her by Bran into the Night King?
Who briefly meets Bran's gaze?
Which council votes Bran as king of the Six Kingdoms?
Who does Tyrion convince to let the new king of the Seven Kingdoms decide Jon's fate?
Why does Tyrion believe Bran should be king?
Why does Tyrion ask Bran to lead the Seven Kingdoms to the best of his abilities?
Who asserts the independence of the North?
Who is Bran's Hand of the King?
Who appoints Tyrion as his Hand of the King?
Who is exiled to the Night's Watch by Bran?
What does Bran ask if they have heard where Drogon went?
What does Drogon decide to look for when they are unable to give a satisfying answer?
answer curious and adventurous
What type of boy did Bran have before his fall?
Who noted Bran to have done a great amount of climbing around the walls of Winterfell?
What was the main reason for Bran's fall?
What did Bran turn towards after his fall?
What type of nature did Bran have?
What did Bran love as much as he did climbing?
When Robb left to fight Tywin, what was the name of Bran's role?
Who seized Winterfell?
Who was unable to predict that Bran would break his word when someone openly defied him?
Who did Theon order for Bran to be executed?
Who was Bran able to accept the powers that he possessed?
Who was Bran's brother?
What was one of the first things Bran pressed about when he reached the Three-Eyed Raven?
Where does Bran and the Raven visit?
What does Bran feel about the prospect of returning to the real world?
Who blindsided Arthur Dayne?
Who was responsible for the creation of the White Walkers?
What did Bran realize he was responsible for in the first place?
What battle has Bran's powers taken since?
What has Bran become to a fault?
Who did Bran have a conversation with during the Battle at the Cave of the Three-Eyed Raven?
What is the name of Bran's deadpan recital of Chaos?
What did Littlefinger give Bran?
Who were secretly married to Bran?
Who is one of the most powerful human magic users in Game of Thrones?
What game has Bran Stark shown himself to be one of the most powerful human magic users?
Who is featured in a range of promotional images and screen captures?
What is the name of the video Wargs and the Sight on the Season Blu-ray?
What season does Bran Stark not appear in?
Who explained that Bran Stark caught up with his material from the most recent book?
How old is Bran in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
What is Bran fascinated by in A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
What type of hair does Bran have on A Song of Ice and Fire?
Who's hair is lightened to blond?
Who did Robert Baratheon spar with when Bran visits Winterfell?
What place did Eddard intend to take Bran to with him?
Who does Catelyn pray to to keep Bran from leaving Winterfell?
Who shoved Bran out of a tower window?
What is the name of the three-eyed crow in the series?
What does Bran see in a coma after the fall?
When Bran wakes from his coma, what did he choose to do instead of fall?
What does Bran learn about when he wakes from his coma?
Which two men were to their graves?
Who struggles to take on Robb's role as lord?
Who can confess his fears and insecurities to while their bannermen challenge Robb's authority?
Who was the Stark in Winterfell?
What does Bran learn about Robb?
What does Bran's second novel focus on?
Who is responsible for the decision making of Winterfell?
What pact was made to bring House Frey to Robb's side in the war?
What is held at the castle now that autumn has begun?
Who reaffirm the crannogman's oath of fealty to House Stark?
Where do the Reeds stay after the celebration has ended?
Where does Jojen know he is skinchanging into when he sleeps?
What does Jojen share with Bran?
When are the Reeds introduced?
What is one of Jojen's visions?
Where is Rodrik distracted by the attack on Winterfell?
Who is a Winterfell prisoner who served the presumed dead Ramsay Snow?
Who takes Reek as one of his men?
Who helped the Reeds escape from Winterfell?
What do the Reeds end up circling back to hide in the castle's crypts?
Who suggests they kill the sons of a miller and pass them off as Bran and Rickon?
Who sacks Winterfell and takes Theon prisoner?
What is the name of the dying person in the godswood?
What does Theon advise the Reeds to split Bran and Rickon up for?
Who takes Rickon while the Reed siblings take Bran?
When are the younger Stark brothers separated?
What book does Bran spend traveling to the Wall with the Reeds?
Who warns Bran not to spend to much time in Summer's mind?
Where do the Reeds come upon a man who seems to recognize who Bran is due to his direwolf and paralysis?
Where do the children see Jon fighting Wildlings below them?
What do the children see Jon fighting below them?
What do the children see Jon fighting Wildlings below them?
Where do the Wildlings continue to travel until they reach the Wall?
Who instructed Sam and Gilly to send Bran and his party through the Wall to meet him on the other side?
What is the name of the paraplegic man accompanied by?
Where does Sam bring the Wildlings to?
How many times does Sam swear that he will not tell anyone about meeting Bran?
Who leads the party beyond the Wall for a great deal of time until they reach the cave of the three-eyed crow?
Who attacks the three-eyed crow?
What does the body of the three-eyed crow have?
What is the answer to the three-eyed crow?
answer fly
What will Bran do to the three-eyed crow?
What character is left out in the television series?
Who helps the children to the other side without his instruction while they make their way to the cave on their own?
What is Bran's literary counterpart?
Who dies during the battle with the wights outside of the cave in season four?
What character is left out in the television series?
Who helps the children to the other side without his instruction while they make their way to the cave on their own?
What is Bran's literary counterpart?
Who dies during the battle with the wights outside of the cave in season four?
What character is left out in the television series?
Who helps the children to the other side without his instruction while they make their way to the cave on their own?
What is Bran's literary counterpart?
Who dies during the battle with the wights outside of the cave in season four?
What character is left out in the television series?
Who helps the children to the other side without his instruction while they make their way to the cave on their own?
What is Bran's literary counterpart?
Who dies during the battle with the wights outside of the cave in season four?
Who is the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms?
Who was the daughter of Lord?
Who were the bastard children of Jaime Lannister?
Who was the first officially recognized queen regnant in the history of the Seven Kingdoms?
What was the name of Cersei?
When did the reign of Cersei end?
What was the last monarch to sit on?
Who was Cersei's wife?
Who was Cersei the only daughter and eldest child of?
Who was the richest man in the Seven Kingdoms and Lord Paramount of the Westerlands?
What is one of the constituent regions of the Seven Kingdoms?
Who was the elder twin of Cersei?
Where was Cersei raised?
What was Cersei known for?
When did Cersei's mother die?
Who was Cersei's younger brother?
Who did Cersei blame for her mother's death?
What role did Tywin serve at the capital during Cersei's childhood and teenage years?
What was the name of the servants that raised Cersei and her brothers?
Who did Cersei begin an incestuous relationship with in her youth?
Where did Cersei have other partners?
Who did Cersei hope she would marry?
What was Melara's desire to marry?
How many children would Cersei bear?
What did Cersei reveal to her that she would be cast down by another, younger and more beautiful queen?
Who was Cersei married to after the end of the civil war?
When was Cersei married to King Robert Baratheon?
Who did Cersei call on their wedding night?
Who was the son of Cersei?
What did Cersei refuse to have the body taken from her?
What did Cersei's feelings for Robert turn to?
Who were Cersei's three children?
Who was the Hand of the King?
Who is the twin brother of Queen Cersei?
Who will choose a new Hand of the King?
What does Queen Cersei believe Jaime could be the next Hand?
Who is Cersei's best friend?
Who is Cersei's best friend?
Who accompany Cersei?
Where does the royal party arrive at Winterfell?
Who is the former betrothed?
Who does Cersei send to find their younger brother Tyrion?
What do Cersei and Catelyn Stark exchange?
Who is Cersei impressed by?
Who do Cersei and Jaime go hunting?
Where do Cersei and Jaime liaise?
What does Bran Stark find Cersei and Jaime engaged in?
Who caught Bran Stark?
What does Jaime feign Bran with?
How old is Bran?
How many times does Bran respond to Bran?
Who did Cersei scold?
What did Cersei note about Bran?
Who laugh when Tyrion tells his family what he plans to do while at the Wall?
Who is sitting vigil for Bran?
What was the cause of the death of Catelyn's first child?
What did Cersei and Robert say were grief-stricken?
Who did Cersei pray for?
What is the name of the royal party that is joined by Eddard, Sansa and Arya?
Who was the cause of the incident between Cersei and Eddard?
Who agrees that he and Eddard will attend to their own discipline?
What does Cersei insist must be killed?
What is the name of the wolf that Cersei has killed when Nymeria cannot be found?
Who spares Lady's death?
Who does Cersei advise?
When does Cersei tell Joffrey that the truth will be whatever he decides it will be?
How much will he force the Starks to contribute to a standing army?
What does Cersei believe the North is to be militarily conquered by outsiders?
What does Cersei believe he will need to be as king?
Who does Cersei advise Joffrey to be kind to?
Where does a raven arrive with news of Bran's recovery?
Who comforts Cersei?
Who embarrasses Cersei?
Who does Cersei visit at his chambers?
Who correctly deduces that Cersei has an ulterior motive for her visit to King's Landing?
What is the true purpose of Cersei being at?
Who was Eddard's brother born to lead?
Who is married and pregnant?
What did Cersei tell Robert that at the start of their marriage?
Who did Cersei say he could never love her back?
Who do Cersei and Robert visit as he recovers from wounds sustained fighting Jaime and his guards?
Who is Eddard's brother?
What does Eddard do to Cersei?
What does Eddard hit Cersei?
What does Robert threaten Cersei to do if she speaks of it?
Who confronts Cersei and tells her he knows her children are fathered by Jaime?
What does Neddard say Cersei and her brother belong together?
What did Cersei whisper on their wedding night?
What does Eddard advise her to leave before Robert returns from a hunt?
What does Cersei tell Ned?
What role does Cersei serve as following Robert's death?
Who does Cersei choose to spare his friend further pain?
Who is Robert's name?
Who is on the throne after Robert's death?
Who tries to reveal the truth with Eddard?
Who is killed by Eddard?
Who persuades Sansa to write a letter asking Robb to bend the knee to Joffrey?
What does the letter backfire as it encourages Robb to raise an army and march into the Riverlands to confront the Lannister armies?
In what court does Cersei encourage Sansa to make a new plea to Joffrey for her father's life?
What watch does Eddard recants the claims of Joffrey not being the true king?
Cersei, Joffrey, and Sansa watch as what is executed?
Who 'confesses' Ned's crimes?
Who is horrified when Cersei demands Eddard Stark's decapitation?
Who is the royal executioner?
What did Cersei attempt to secure her son's hold on?
Who was Lancel's cousin?
Who captured Jaime?
What does Cersei continue to govern from King's Landing to Joffrey?
In what war did Cersei defend Joffrey's claim?
What does Cersei order the gates barred to prevent further refugees from entering the city?
Who has been named acting Hand of the King by their father Tywin Lannister?
Who is frustrated when Tywin Lannister tells her that she failed to prevent the death of Eddard Stark?
What is the name of the fugitive that Cersei insists they need to find in order to facilitate a prisoner exchange?
Who helps Littlefinger find Arya Stark?
Who is enraged when Baelish dares to reference the rumors?
Who does Petyr Baelish ask for help in the search of Arya Stark?
What does Cersei do when she slap him?
What do Cersei order to have no rival claimants in case his true parentage is revealed?
Who refuses a request for aid from the Night's Watch?
Who is the commander of the City Watch?
What did Cersei confront him for?
What is Tyrion upset at?
Who did Tyrion mock her relationship with?
What was Tyrion's finest joke about her relationship with Jaime?
Who tests the loyalty of the remaining small council members by feeding each of them a different marriage plan for Myrcella?
What does Pycelle inform Cersei of Tyrion's plans to marry Myrcella into?
Who confronts Tyrion who insists that the alliance is necessary and that Myrcella will be safer in Dorne?
What did Pycelle do to Cersei?
Who does Tyrion send to negotiate with Catelyn Stark?
At what battle did Robb Stark win a major victory?
Who is the uncle of Robb Stark?
Who intervenes and halts the ordeal?
Who does Cersei want to release?
Who is Pycelle's cousin?
When does Lancel arrive?
Who does Tyrion threaten to expose their relationship to?
Who was killed in the death of Cersei?
Who has assumed control of Renly's army?
Who is Cersei irate about?
What guild is Cersei relying on to supply Wildfire?
Where does Myrcella leave?
Who does Cersei remain livid about?
How often does Tyrion threaten to deprive Myrcella of someone he loves?
What is the name of the starving crowd in the Red Keep?
Who is hit by thrown excrement?
What does Tyrion do to the Lannister guards?
What does Cersei offer Sansa advice on?
What does love make you?
Who does Sansa ask if she should love?
Who attacked King's Landing?
Who attacked King's Landing?
Who does Cersei openly refer to her relationship with?
What does Cersei fear is the price for Joffrey's sins?
Who are good, decent children?
What is Joffrey keen to fight in?
What necklace did Tyrion give her?
Who did Cersei kidnapped as insurance against Tyrion?
What does Tyrion vow to do when Cersei least suspects it?
Who provides refuge for the women of the court in Maegor's Holdfast?
What poison did Cersei obtain from the Pycelle?
What does Cersei try to keep up the morale of the women?
Ser Ilyn is there to kill the women if what is breached?
Who used Wildfire to destroy a large portion of his fleet?
Who sends Lancel to bring Joffrey back to the Red Keep?
Who leaves the field?
Who did Cersei want to return to the front of King's Landing?
What is the name of the pillar that Cersei pushes Tommen into?
Who takes Tommen to the Iron Throne room and prepares to poison him?
Who reports that Tyrion has won the battle?
Who is the Kingsguard?
Why is Tyrion left to recover from his wounds?
Who ordered the attack on Tyrion?
Who does Cersei release?
Who orchestrates a public ceremony honoring those who aided the city in the battle?
Who is named Lord of Harrenhal for brokering the alliance with House Tyrell?
Who does Joffrey ask Joffrey to marry?
Who is Margaery Tyrell's betrothal?
What kind of applause did the court welcome the decision?
How many Kingsguards did Cersei visit after the Battle of Blackwater?
What did Cersei agree to do to her guards?
Who demands to know how he will slander her to their father?
When did Cersei discover that a servant girl had stolen a necklace?
Who did Tyrion tell their father about the theft of a necklace?
Who says that it isn't slander if it's true?
What does the queen admit to Tyrion?
Who retorts that Tyrion is a great deal more clever than her?
When does Cersei leave to prevent Meryn Trant and Bronn from exchanging blows?
Who are the guests of Cersei and Joffrey's dinner party?
What did Margaery hand out to the smallfolk of the city?
What is Margaery skilled at?
Who did Margaery trade veiled insults with?
What does Margaery dress like for a reason?
Who dismissively tells Cersei off?
What was Tywin Lannister's position at King's Landing?
Where is Tywin Lannister's meeting place changed?
Who has all of the council members called in at once?
Where are all of the seats on Tywin's landing?
Who arrives to find the seats are all occupied?
Who does Cersei speak with?
Who takes Joffrey with her to greet the common people?
Who does Cersei meet with to discuss the Tyrells?
Who did Cersei let Tywin do what he pleased?
Who did Margaery and Olenna defeat in the Sept of Baelor?
Who waved to the crowd outside the Sept of Baelor?
Who has a control over Joffrey?
Who does Cersei and LittlefingerCersei encounter?
Who does Littlefinger agree to marry to Sansa?
Who decides to kill the union in its crib by instead having Tyrion marry Sansa to secure the North?
Who tells Cersei that he intends to have her marry Loras to secure the Reach?
Who does Cersei and LittlefingerCersei encounter?
Who does Littlefinger agree to marry to Sansa?
Who decides to kill the union in its crib by instead having Tyrion marry Sansa to secure the North?
Who tells Cersei that he intends to have her marry Loras to secure the Reach?
Who observes Loras and Sansa from Cersei's chambers?
Who asks which of the four of Cersei's sarcastically?
What battle did Cersei accuse his sister of trying to kill him?
How many people can command the Kingsguard?
Who did Cersei command to kill him in public?
Who ordered Ser Mandon Moore to kill him?
Who does Cersei tell him his life is not in danger?
Who did Cersei and Lannister discuss about his return to King's Landing?
Who asks who to break the news to Sansa?
When does Tyrion decide to dieh Sansa's hopes?
Who does Cersei threaten to have strangled in her sleep?
What does Margaery threaten to have Margaery strangled in her sleep?
What do Joffrey ridicule Tyrion?
Where does Joffrey head to during the wedding feast?
What does Cersei do to Margaery Tyrell?
Where does Cersei stare?
Who sees Margaery Tyrell?
Who listens to Tyrion's threats?
Who reminds him that Sansa is now his aunt-by-marriage?
Who denies Tyrion's threats?
Who threatens Robb and Catelyn?
When does Tywin call out Tywin's cowardice?
Who does Cersei dismiss?
What does Tyrion ask her if she is happy as she has children?
What does Cersei admit to being unhappy with Tyrion?
Who was born in the Red Keep?
What does Tyrion ask her when they have dealt with all their enemies?
How many enemies does Tyrion have?
Where does Jaime return to?
What is on Cersei's bed?
Who does Cersei reject?
Who asks why she drinks more than she used to?
Who is Joffrey married to?
What does Jaime do when she attempts to make love to her?
Who is Cersei present at?
Who does Cersei sit with during the wedding feast?
Who congratulates the king and Margaery?
What did Cersei do instead of bowed?
Cersei asks her if she loves what?
How does Brienne respond to Cersei?
Who says that the leftovers are going to the poor?
Who is harassing a young woman?
What does Cersei tell Pycelle to do?
Who did Cersei order Pycelle to give the leftovers to?
What does Pycelle threaten to have him killed if he does not?
Who do Cersei and Tywin meet?
What was Tyrion's speech?
What does Joffrey begin to do?
Who is the son of Cersei's son?
What does Tyrion die in her arms?
What kind of rage does Cersei accuse Tyrion?
Who has vanished?
What was Tyrion's speech?
What does Joffrey begin to do?
Who is the son of Cersei's son?
What does Tyrion die in her arms?
What kind of rage does Cersei accuse Tyrion?
Who has vanished?
What did Cersei know about for protecting Tommen?
Who released Sansa Stark from his captivity?
What did Jaime say he swore by all the gods that he would bring back Catelyn Stark's daughters to
Who says that he only did it so he could return to her?
Who did Cersei believe he could kill?
What does Jaime remain?
Who did Cersei try to convince Cersei that he was innocent?
What does Cersei refer to him as?
Cersei and Margaery discuss who's future?
Who was a monster at the coronation of Tommen?
Who will make a good and decent king?
Who asks Margaery if she is still interested in being queen?
Who does Margaery want to speak to about Tommen?
Who has recently conquered Meereen?
Who does Cersei doubt is a credible threat to the Iron Throne?
Who has been spotted in the Riverlands?
Who did Tyrion believe he was the one to murder?
Who did Tyrion believe he was the one to murder?
Who is the champion of Tyrion's trial by combat?
Who did Cersei arrange for him to marry?
Who was the sister of Clegane's sister?
Who manages to maneuver Clegane to the ground and crush his skull?
Who is sentenced to death by the Mountain's father?
Who was treated for the wounds of Clegane's sister?
Who does Cersei say she will not consent to marry?
What is the name of the rumors Cersei and Jaime have about her relationship with?
Who does Tywin find when she leaves Tywin's quarters?
What do Cersei do to Jaime?
What does she reaffirm her love for her twin brother?
What hand does Cersei kiss as a symbol of her acceptance?
Who escorts Cersei to Tywin's funeral?
Who is Cersei surrounded by lords and ladies?
Who is Cersei alone with?
Who stops Cersei?
What does Jaime warn that their father built for House Lannister belongs to them?
Who is responsible for Tywin's death?
Who is Cersei approached by during Tywin's wake?
Who offers his condolences?
Who has recovered from Tywin's wounds at the Blackwater?
Who apologizes for the appearance of Tywin's son?
Who served the wine that led to Tywin's death?
What does Cersei do to Tywin's soul?
Where does Cersei speak with Jaime about retrieving Myrcella?
What holds Myrcella's necklace in its jaws?
Who blames Dorne for the deaths of Oberyn and Elia Martell?
Where does Jaime say I'm going to?
What does Jaime promise that I'm going to Dorne?
Who did Willas Bracken want to wed instead of Bronn?
How many men bring Cersei the head of a dwarf?
Who donates Cersei's head to?
Who takes on the additional title of Master of Coin?
Who was Cersei's uncle?
Who should attend the meetings of Cersei?
What does Kevan remind Cersei of?
Who did Cersei feel dissatisfied with?
When is Margaery incensed to find the crowd cheering Cersei's name?
What is the name of Margaery?
Who does Cersei walk along the battlements?
What do Cersei find her bragging about to Margaery's handmaidens?
What do Cersei do with Margaery?
What happens to Margaery?
Who abducted Cersei from Littlefinger's brothel?
What is Cersei's attitude to the High Septon's plight?
What is the name of the town Cersei visits?
What does the High Septon throw in?
Who abducted Cersei from Littlefinger's brothel?
What is Cersei's attitude to the High Septon's plight?
What is the name of the town Cersei visits?
What does the High Septon throw in?
What did Tommen's tone of voice suggest Loras was allowed to happen in order to interfere with?
Cersei feigns ignorance about who's arrest?
Who is the Queen Regent about to dismiss?
Who is Winterfell 'allying' herself with?
Where is Cersei 'allying' herself with House Bolton?
Who has betrayed Cersei?
Who suggested that Cersei could wait a while until Stannis has dealt with the Boltons?
Who could mop up the remains of Cersei?
What is the only boon Littlefinger wants for his service?
Who brings Sansa's head to Cersei?
Who is involved in the trial of Cersei?
What did Cersei play a part in during Loras Tyrell's trial?
Who is Loras's lover?
Who is imprisoned for giving false testimony?
Who sometimes claimed that she would do anything it takes to protect Tommen?
Who does Margaery visit in her cell?
What does Cersei find beneath the Sept of Baelor?
What event did the High Sparrow give Cersei a speech about?
Who will be revealed for all the world to see, as in the case of everyone, including Cersei herself?
Who confessed to his adulterous affair with Cersei?
What is the last thing they will see before they die?
Who visits Cersei for the next few days?
What are the charges against Cersei?
Who summoned Kevan back to the capital?
What does Qyburn tell Cersei?
What does Qyburn tell Cersei before he leaves?
What does Cersei offer to do when she visits her again?
Who licks the water from the dungeon floor?
What did Cersei break into when she licks the water from the dungeon floor?
What happens when Cersei is brought to the High Sparrow?
What does Cersei confess with Ser Lancel Lannister?
Who does Cersei deny her incestuous relationship with?
Who is the son of Cersei?
What does the High Sparrow say Cersei has to do?
What is the name of the cell where Cersei is brought to?
Where is Cersei forced to walk naked?
Who escorts Cersei through?
Where does Cersei make it to?
Who is the uncle of Cersei?
What does Qyburn cover Cersei's body with?
How tall is the Mountain?
Who lifts Cersei up and carries her away?
Who died in the Red Keep?
Who comforts Cersei in her quarters?
What prophecy does Cersei believe their children's deaths are destined according to?
Who is the only one left?
What does Jaime promise Cersei for all that their enemies have taken from them?
Where is a man in which he brags about revealing himself to Cersei?
How does the King's Landing knight kill Cersei?
Where is a man in which he brags about revealing himself to Cersei?
How does the King's Landing knight kill Cersei?
Who visits Qyburn in his lab?
Who did Jaime ask Qyburn to order to slaughter the High Sparrow and the Faith Militant?
What does Qyburn order Qyburn to place all over Westeros?
Who refuses to accept Cersei, Jaime and Gregor?
Who leads the council out?
Who counsels Cersei to Tommen?
Who claims that Cersei is offering his wisdom to the king?
Where does Cersei speak with Tommen?
Who is still a prisoner?
What is the High Sparrow?
Who presses Tommen for information?
Who tells Cersei of her plan?
Who has been talking to the High Sparrow about Margaery and Loras?
Who will perform her walk of atonement before the trial?
Who did Cersei promise to destroy the Sparrows for corrupting?
Where is Jaime sent to to help the Freys deal with Brynden Tully?
Who will win her trial by combat?
What does Jaime kiss?
What does Olenna express to Cersei?
What are the two reasons for Olenna to stay in King's Landing?
Who dragged Loras and Margaery away?
Who has no support in King's Landing?
Who entered the Red Keep?
What group confronts Cersei?
When does the High Sparrow want to speak with Cersei?
What does Lancel tell her that the High Sparrow wishes to speak with her at the Sept of Baelor?
Who promised that Cersei could stay in the Red Keep until her trial?
Who threatens the Faith Militant?
What does Cersei say she chooses when Ser Gregor Clegane threatens the Faith Militant?
Who does the Faith Militant attack?
Who rips the man's head off and tosses it aside?
Who escorted Cersei to the Throne Room?
What is the name of the woman in court in detest?
Who asks Cersei why she was not informed?
Who bars Cersei from standing beside her son?
When does Cersei take her place in the Great Hall?
Who says that the Crown and the Faith are the two pillars that hold up this world?
Who does Baratheon say judges all the people of the Seven Kingdoms?
When will Loras Tyrell and Cersei's trial be held?
How many septons would Loras and Cersei stand trial before?
Who had been planning on calling a trial by combat with Gregor as her champion?
Who was Cersei's champion?
How does Cersei dress on the day of her trial?
What kind of clothes does Cersei wear on the day of her trial?
Where does Cersei not show up for her trial?
Who placed a large cache of wildfire underneath the Sept?
What do Qyburn's little birds have to shrink to a size in which the cache can be ignited?
What is the name of Qyburn's little birds assassinate?
What is the name of the imprisoned person that Cersei begins torturing?
Who was captured by Cersei?
What does Cersei call continuously upon her departure?
What does Cersei say Unella is not going to die for?
Who commits suicide by jumping out a window?
What is buried at the ruins of the Sept?
Who is the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms?
Who is the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms?
Who commits suicide by jumping out a window?
What is buried at the ruins of the Sept?
Who is the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms?
Who is the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms?
Who did Cersei and Jaime meet with to discuss a possible alliance?
What did Euron promise to return with?
Who urged nobles from the Reach to reaffirm their allegiance to the Iron Throne?
Who would pillage their lands and homes?
Who replies that he is at work on a solution?
Who test the ballista?
What dragon was wounded by a spear at Meereen?
Who reassures Cersei that dragons are not invincible?
Who is the dragon of Aegon the Conqueror?
Who did Ellaria and Tyene Sand poison?
Who poisoned Myrcella?
Who agrees to Euron's marriage proposal?
Who compromised Euron's defence?
Who does Cersei taunt?
What does Cersei understand about Ellaria and Tyene?
Who did Oberyn taunt Ellaria?
What poison did Ellaria use on?
Who gives Cersei the antidote?
Who tells Ellaria that she intends to keep Tyene alive to watch Tyene die and rot in the cell?
Who did Bernadette engage with?
Who tells Cersei that Tycho Nestoris of the Iron Bank of Braavos has arrived?
Which bank did Bernadette hope to get a loan after Jaime took?
Why did Daenerys end her wealth in Slaver's Bay?
Who did Bernadette engage with?
Who tells Cersei that Tycho Nestoris of the Iron Bank of Braavos has arrived?
Which bank did Bernadette hope to get a loan after Jaime took?
Why did Daenerys end her wealth in Slaver's Bay?
In what battle did Jaime inform Cersei of their defeat?
What does Jaime insist that the Lannisters have no chance of defeating Daenerys?
Who is the throne Cersei occupies?
Who confessed to Joffrey's murder?
Who would Olenna prefer to marry Joffrey?
Who became the true ruler of Westeros?
Who confessed to Joffrey's murder?
Who would Olenna prefer to marry Joffrey?
Who became the true ruler of Westeros?
Who tells Jaime of her pregnancy?
Who does Jaime tell Cersei that he met with?
Who is seeking an armistice when Cersei asks if Daenerys wants to negotiate a surrender?
Who secretly organized the meeting between Tyrion and Jaime?
Who did Cersei believe would be a wiser move?
What did Jaime plan to punish Bronn for?
What is the name of Jaime's children?
Who does Cersei believe does not concern himself with the opinions of the sheep?
Who tells Cersei that Daenerys' forces are en route to the Dragonpit?
Who tells Cersei that if anything should go wrong, he should kill Daenerys first?
What factions are Cersei, Jaime, Qyburn and Euron?
Who is flying overhead when Cersei demands to know where her rival is?
Who did Euron threaten to kill Yara?
Who orders Euron to sit down?
Who try to warn Cersei of the greater threat coming for them all?
Sandor returns with the crate containing what?
Who gets the crate open, but there is still no movement?
What does Sandor give the crate?
Who pulls the wight back on a chain?
What did the assembled look on as the wight's upper half still moves around?
Who gave Jon a torch to show how fire can be used to stop the wights?
What does Jon use to end the wight's upper half?
Who asks how many wights are coming?
What does Euron ask about the wights?
Who announces to Cersei his intention to withdraw the Iron Fleet back to the Iron Isles?
What did Euron declare to Cersei that he had been over the whole world?
What do Daenerys tell Daenerys to do when they are the only two left alive?
Who is Daenerys concerned with?
Who is King in the North and Ned Stark's son?
How many queens does Jon say he cannot serve?
Who does Cersei declare that there will be no truce if it is just?
What did Tyrion do to Cersei?
Who did Tyrion kill?
Who did Tyrion love most as much as Cersei?
Who did Cersei blame for his deaths?
What does a tense moment pass in which Cersei does not give the order?
What does Tyrion head straight for?
What does Tyrion believe Cersei is pregnant?
Who did Cersei explain her plot to?
Who will the Lannister army march north to fight?
What does Jaime meet with his commanders after the enemy delegation has left?
Who asks Jaime what he is doing?
Who does Cersei tell Jaime he is the stupidest Lannister?
Who has not abandoned Cersei?
Who did Cersei intentionally leaked her pregnancy to?
Who did Cersei accuse Cersei of plotting with?
Who will come seeking revenge over the fact Cersei betrayed and left them to die?
What does Jaime declare that he will fight to honor?
Who blocked Jaime's way when he tries to leave?
What does Jaime call her if he tries to leave?
What happens to Jaime as she watches Jaime leave?
What happened to Cersei as the Golden Company ferry into the bay?
Who is the capain of the Golden Company?
What chamber does Cersei follow her into?
What does Cersei call Euron the most arrogant man she's ever met?
What does Cersei's face become drawn when he claims he will make her pregnant?
What happened to Cersei as the Golden Company ferry into the bay?
Who is the capain of the Golden Company?
What chamber does Cersei follow her into?
What does Cersei call Euron the most arrogant man she's ever met?
What does Cersei's face become drawn when he claims he will make her pregnant?
Who has Drogon and her armies slaughtered Cersei's forces?
Who did Daenerys have to slaughter Cersei's forces and civilians in King's Landing?
What does Cersei spend much of the battle in?
What is the name of the Red Keep that Cersei gives in to Qyburn's suggestion to leave?
Who kills her Queensguard?
Who abandons her to fight Sandor?
Who finally finds her in the war room?
Where do Cersei and Cersei flee?
Who cries and begs Jaime not to leave her?
What does Jaime hugs Cersei?
What happens to Cersei as they embrace for the final time?
Where were the corpses of Cersei and Jaime found?
Who saw Daenerys as a savior?
What is Tyrion free from with Cersei dead?
Who did Cersei Lannister believe was the one who would destroy House Lannister?
What caused the destruction of Cersei Lannister's house?
What does Cersei believe she is willing to betray anyone who trusts her?
What is Cersei's fault?
What is Cersei prone to being unskilled at?
Who was Cersei's father?
What does Cersei's father say she isn't as intelligent as she thinks?
Who does not punish a pair of bounty hunters to avoid discouraging other hunters from finding Tyrion?
Why did Cersei's schemes backfire on her?
What did Cersei's scheme do before exiling him to the Wall?
Who did Cersei fail to predict would be foolish to start a war by having Ned executed instead?
What did Cersei's scheme do to undermine the Tyrells' plot to marry Loras to Sansa?
Who was imprisoned by the Faith Militant?
What did Cersei believe did not allow her to understand that the same tactics she used against the Tyrells could also be used against her?
Who was Cersei's last living child?
Who abandoned Cersei's scheme to betray the Targaryens and the North after the parley of King's Land
When did Cersei lose all of her scheming?
Who does Sansa assume that Cersei has the dignified personality of?
Who raised Cersei?
What does Cersei try to exude in public?
What is Cersei's usual response to when things do not go her own way?
What does Cersei's inability to foresee the full consequences of her plans combine with?
What is Cersei's advantage against her enemies?
What is Cersei's tendency to do?
Who reminds Cersei that the world mustn't know Myrcella really is their daughter?
Who did Cersei acknowledge did not kill Joffrey?
What did Cersei forget about Tyrion's actions?
When did Cersei openly ignore that she was the one who made the mistakes that destabilized more and more the position of their family?
What is Cersei's behavior capable of switching between?
Why did Cersei try to use the Faith Militant to undermine House Tyrell?
What does Tyrion say Cersei uses her honest feelings to do?
What is true about Cersei?
What does Cersei despise the restraints placed on her?
What does the Seven Kingdoms have more liberal attitudes when it comes to involving female members of their family in politics?
From what age are the women of House Tyrell trained in the skills of ruling?
Who was Cersei's father?
What was Cersei's duty to do?
What does Tywin believe Cersei is?
What is the practical result of Cersei's refusal to be skilled in ruling or political intrigue?
What does Cersei blame her father or society for?
Why is Cersei angry at men?
When was Cersei drunk?
What is Cersei's lack of a parental relationship reflected in?
What does Cersei treat her children as?
Who did Cersei refuse to allow her children to be breasfed by?
When events threaten to take any of her children away from her?
What kind of smug did Cersei watch as the Sept explodes with innocent people?
What does Cersei do to her children?
Who did Cersei spend her entire childhood convinced that he was going to grow up to be the best king ever?
Who did Cersei acknowledge was a monster after his death?
What did Joffrey's overindulgence do?
Who seems oblivious to the fact that she ignored her two younger children?
Who was Cersei's father?
Who did Cersei fixate on so much that she barely knew Myrcella and Tommen?
Who was sent away to Dorne in a marriage-alliance?
Who said that Cersei doesn't even know her?
What did Cersei do after the destruction of the Great Sept of Baelor?
Who did Cersei not go immediately to after his wife was killed in the explosion?
Who humiliated Cersei?
Who deprived Cersei of power?
What does Cersei show on her part?
What happened to Cersei as well as the Freys' military incompetence?
What bank has the Crown debt to?
What was Cersei's ultimate ambition of being crowned?
What was Cersei's lack of ability to see the far-reaching consequences of her actions?
What was Cersei's sense of morality attributed to?
Who are all dead in the Great Sept of Baelor?
What did Cersei use to destroy the Great Sept of Baelor?
How long did the Great Sept of Baelor last?
Who did this act cause a wedge between Cersei and?
Who knows that Cersei's grim look upon returning to King's Landing means that he understands that she is becoming exactly like
What did Cersei appear to have become in regards to her crimes?
Who did Cersei have an incestuous relationship with?
Who tortured Unella?
What was the name of Ellaria Sand's daughter?
Who died to Ellaria?
Who did Olenna Tyrell mention before Cersei's death?
Who noted that Cersei was not willing to go to keep her power?
Why was Cersei cited as one of the most dangerous people in Westeros?
What does Cersei maintain?
What war led to the death of Eddard Stark?
What has Cersei become more arrogant and callous with her ascension to queen?
Who did Cersei feign a threat with?
What is the feeling of Cersei's ascension to queen?
What does Cersei express her need to protect their new child?
Who did Cersei mimic during the end of Robert's Rebellion?
What is Cersei Lannister's character?
What does Cersei's behavior reinforce?
What happened to Cersei's game of thrones?
What does Cersei drown in her tears with as comfort until the end of the Battle of King's Landing?
What does Cersei drown in her tears with as comfort until the end of the Battle of King's Landing?
What does only appear as?
Who is featured in a range of promotional images and screen captures?
Who became pregnant just before Season began filming?
What did the production team work around Cersei's pregnancy?
What do most of Cersei's costumes have in front of her to hide her pregnancy?
What was shot from behind in quick-cuts?
What does the sex scene with Lena Headey do?
Who is the actress in the TV series?
Who did the TV producers never show naked since the beginning of Season's Mother's Mercy?
Which model used a body double before Season's Mother's Mercy?
Why was Headey upset about the media about the divorce of her first marriage?
When did Headey reveal that she was pregnant with her second child?
Who is supposed to make the entire penance walk with an utterly stoic face?
In what series is Cersei a beautiful but cold woman who does not get along with her husband?
What does Cersei do?
What is Cersei frustrated by?
Who is Cersei close to?
Who was born to Cersei and Jaime?
How old is Peter Dinklage in the A Song of Ice and Fire series?
In which novel does Cersei become a POV character?
Who are Cersei's brothers?
Who never gave birth to any child by Robert?
Why did Cersei abort her child?
Who was Cersei unaware of both the pregnancy and the abortion?
What did Catelyn say she had a beautiful black-haired boy?
Who has been made a Kingsguard after the battle of the Blackwater?
Who is Mace's eldest son and heir?
Who vetoes the match in revenge for the Lannisters foiling her plot to marry Sansa to Willas?
Who are also suggested as a match for Cersei?
Who does Cersei never threaten to re-marry?
Who asks for a few days to consider Cersei?
When does Tywin die?
What kingdom does Cersei rule as Queen Regent?
What does Cersei grow to become?
What happens to Cersei's schemes?
Who are the two characters of able loyalty?
What does Cersei become during her reign?
Who is disgusted by Cersei's behavior?
What does Cersei interpret every statement, causal comment or even a smile as a plot against her?
What does Kevan advise Cersei to appoint Randyll Tarly or Mathis Rowan as?
Why is Cersei annoyed at the Tyrells?
Who plotted against Cersei?
What is the name of the jailer who disappeared the night Tyrion escaped?
Where does Cersei think Tyrion is still hiding?
Who attempted to kill Myrcella?
Who makes a number of rash and ill-judged decisions?
Who was Cersei's cronies?
Who is the bastard of Cersei's fleet?
Who does Cersei refuse to honor the Crown's debt to?
Where does the Iron Bank send a representative to?
Who does Cersei allow to be re-established in return for cancelling the Crown's debts to the Faith?
Who was Cersei's henchman?
What does Cersei want to do with Hand of the King?
What happens when Cersei threatens Kevan?
What does Kevan call Kevan?
What does Cersei throw in Kevan's face?
How many Lannister cousins did Cersei name instead of Kevan?
Who did Cersei choose instead of Kevan?
Who was Jon Snow's last surviving son?
Who does Cersei place a bounty on?
What does Cersei fear that doing so will allow Tyrion to escape?
Who wants nothing to do with the increasing brutality and rampant cronyism of her reign?
Who does Cersei treat?
Who did Tyrion believe Cersei was cheating on him?
What was the name of the previous murder of Cersei?
Who wants nothing to do with the increasing brutality and rampant cronyism of her reign?
Who does Cersei treat?
Who did Tyrion believe Cersei was cheating on him?
What was the name of the previous murder of Cersei?
Who does Cersei send to capture?
Who does Cersei order to seduce Margaery?
Who is tortured by Cersei?
What happens when the High Septon grows suspicious of Kettleblack's confession?
What did Kettleblack say he has been sleeping with Cersei?
What do the unworthy people that Cersei has appointed to the small council act as?
Who will storm King's Landing?
What does Cersei agree must be taken?
Who arrested Cersei on charges of high treason, fornication, incest, regicide, deicide and adultery
What did Cersei confess to?
Who writes to Cersei, pleading for help?
How is Cersei allowed to return to the Red Keep?
Who is the re-animated Gregor Clegane?
What is Cersei confined to?
Who is the only one who remains loyal to Cersei?
Where does Kevan intend to return Cersei after the trial?
What is SER-see LAN-iss-ter?
What is Cersei Lannister pronounced?
What is the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name
Who are the Celebrate New Poster Boys?
What is the name of the new poster boys Sam & Bucky Daenery Boys TargaryenRhaegar Targaryen
Sam & Bucky Daenery TargaryenRhaegar TargaryenSansa StarkArya Stark?
What is the name of Queen Daenerys I Targaryen?
Who was Queen Daenerys I Targaryen's predecessor?
When was Queen Daenerys I Targaryen crowned?
What kind of youth did Daenerys initially become?
What kind of youth was Daenerys initially obedient?
What kind of ruler did Daenerys become?
What madness did Daenerys succumb to?
What was the name of the land that killed Daenerys?
Who assassinated Daenerys?
Who succeeded Daenerys?
What was the name of Daenerys of the House Targaryen?
Who was the Mad King?
When did Daenerys' father die?
What was the conquest known as?
Where did Viserys flee to escape Robert?
Who was Daenerys's brother killed in the war by Robert?
Who murdered Rhaegar's wife?
Who died shortly after giving birth to Rhaegar?
What was the name of the son of Lyanna Stark?
What did Eddard name Jon to protect his sister's son?
Where did Eddard raise Jon as his own child?
What did Jon become when he joined the Night's Watch?
When was Daenerys born?
What is Daenerys sometimes called?
What was Daenerys's mother's name?
Who was Viserys' brother?
Who gave Viserys and Daenerys sanctuary?
When does Viserys hit Daenerys?
What did Viserys's domination leave her?
Who brokered a deal for Pentos to marry Khal Drogo of the Dothraki?
Who does Magister Illyrio Mopatis want to marry?
What is the name of the khalasar that Viserys plans to use in his invasion of?
What does Viserys tell Daenerys?
What does Viserys fondle under the pretext of examining how she has grown?
What does Daenerys' servant warn her of when she enters a bath?
Who did Viserys insist on Daenerys's marriage to?
What does Drogo ride away after taking a glance at Daenerys?
Who assures Viserys that if he did not approve of Daenerys, they would have known?
Where do Illyrio and Viserys discuss the quest to sail back to?
Who does Viserys blurt out that Daenerys does not want to marry Drogo?
Who did Viserys want to retake his father's throne from?
How many of Drogo's men were raped by Viserys?
Who does Drogo give a gift?
Who gives Dany three dragon eggs?
How many dragon eggs does Magister Illyrio give Dany?
Who is a knight of Westeros?
What is the name of the mare that Drogo gives Dany?
Who says the mare is beautiful and wants to thank Drogo?
Who tells her that there is no word for the Dothraki word for 'thank you'?
What does Daenerys do on their wedding night?
Who moves west with Drogo's khalasar?
Who's khalasar moves west with Daenerys?
Who moves west with Drogo's khalasar?
Who's khalasar moves west with Daenerys?
What does Daenerys command the khalasar to?
Who defends Daenerys from his attempts at violence?
Who did Daenerys beg her men to spare Viserys?
What does Daenerys discover she is with Drogo's child?
What does Daenerys expect to have a son?
What buoys the love between Daenerys and Drogo?
Where do Daenerys and the khalasar arrive?
Who points out the difficulties of persuading the Dothraki to cross the Narrow Sea?
Why would the Dothraki not be able to root them out?
What does Jorah admit to selling the poachers as slaves to raise money for his wife?
Who asks Daenerys where his wife is?
Who invites Viserys to dinner?
What does Viserys react angrily at being dressed in?
What does Daenerys hit Viserys across the face with?
What angrily reminds Viserys of her position as Drogo's wife and the mother of his child?
Where does the word of Daenerys' pregnancy reach?
Where does the word of Daenerys' pregnancy reach?
Who secretly visits Varys?
What does Daenerys study?
Who studies one of her dragon eggs?
What does Daenerys study?
What is Illyrio's claim that dragon eggs are now only?
What happens to Daenerys's disappointment?
What does Irri think she is removing the egg from the brazier when Irri comes in?
Who takes the egg from Daenerys?
What is the name of Daenerys's unborn son?
Who is the khal of khals who will unite the Dothraki into a single horde that will over
Who stops Viserys?
Who did Viserys demand that he pay the agreed price for Daenerys?
Who executes Viserys when he threatens Daenerys and her unborn child?
What does Daenerys believe Viserys was not a true dragon?
Who does not trust ships and water their horses cannot drink?
Who is dead?
Who attempts to poison Daenerys to fulfill Robert's orders?
Who rescued Daenerys?
What does Drogo swear will lead his forces across the Narrow Sea and seize the Seven Kingdoms?
What is the name of the 'lamb-men' that Drogo leads into the lands of Lhazar?
What do the Dothraki seize?
What does Daenerys do to the Dothraki?
Who is one of Drogo's riders?
What does Drogo sustain?
Who is one of the women Daenerys has saved?
What is the name of the 'lamb-men' that Drogo leads into the lands of Lhazar?
What do the Dothraki seize?
What does Daenerys do to the Dothraki?
Who is one of Drogo's riders?
What does Drogo sustain?
Who is one of the women Daenerys has saved?
What is the name of the child that Daenerys discovers Drogo?
What state does Duur leave Drogo in?
What did Duur do for the sacking of Drogo's village?
The ritual that saved Drogo drew its power from what?
Who is Daenerys?
Who ends Drogo's misery?
What must Daenerys smother Drogo?
What does Daenerys construct for Drogo's body?
What does Daenerys place on the funeral pyre?
Who believes that she means to die?
Who is left with Daenerys?
What does Daenerys say she will lead them to a great destiny?
How many newly-hatched dragons are clinging to Daenerys body?
What do Dothraki proclaim Daenerys?
What does Daenerys observe?
What does Daenerys refuse to feed her newborn dragons?
What does Daenerys see the dragons as?
How many bloodriders does Daenerys send her?
Where does Osha believe the red comet is an omen for the dragons owned by Daenerys?
Who awaits for her blood-riders in the Red Waste?
Who discovers Rakharo's head and severed braid in its saddlebag?
What did Ser Jorah Mormont believe was the cause of Rakharo's death?
What land does Irri believe the mutilation will prevent Rakharo from entering?
What does Daenerys promise to do to Rakharo?
Who returns with an invitation from the great city of Qarth?
What is Daenerys feeling at the lukewarm reception?
Who is the ruling council that refuses Daenerys entry?
What order does Xaro Xhoan Daxos vouche against?
What does Pyat Pree witness?
Who does Daenerys teach to cook and eat their own meat?
Who suggested that Daenerys use her skill as a lover to find out more about Xaro?
Who is Daenerys introduced to?
Where does Pyat Pree invite Daenerys to visit?
Who does Xaro believe Jorah has feelings for?
What does Xaro show Daenerys?
Who died in the Valyrian stone vault?
Who does Daenerys seek?
What does Xaro counsel against entering?
What does Xaro reveal about his feelings for Daenerys?
What does Xaro agree with Daenerys?
Who does Daenerys appeal to?
What does Daenerys consider to be too risky an investment?
What does the Spice King say she will have to do without his ships?
What did Daenerys find?
How many of Daenery's men have been brutally murdered?
Where has Doreah taken her dragons to?
Who is left terrified by Daenerys?
Who announces his intention to seize control of the city?
How many duplicates does Pyat Pree create to murder the rest of the Thirteen?
Who stabbed Pyat Pree through the back of the Thirteen?
Who is revealed to be another one of the duplicates?
Where are Daenerys children at?
Where has Daenerys recently booked passage to?
Where does Jorah ask Jorah to lead her to?
Where does Daenerys arrive?
Where does Daenerys find herself?
Who does Daenerys experience a vision of?
What is Daenerys presented with?
Where does Daenerys turn away from?
Where does Daenerys walk through the gates of the Wall surrounded by more snow?
Who is Drogo's infant son?
What does Drogo talk about?
Who does Daenerys and her dragons use fire to kill and escape?
Who appears and explains that Daenerys and her brood are the sources of Pyat's restored magic?
Who chained Daenerys?
What is the name of the young queen who regards Pree with a cool, almost lazy gaze?
Who is incinerated after a couple of tries?
Where does Daenerys depart from?
Who is in bed with Daenerys?
What does Daenerys use to open?
What does Daenerys observe when it is empty?
Doreah and Xaro are locked into the empty vault to die, their pleas cut off by what?
Where does Daenerys salvage enough to buy a ship?
How many dragons did Daenerys watch with?
Who tends to Drogon?
What was the size of Daenerys's dragons?
What were Daenerys' dragons capable of?
What does Daenerys need?
What does Daenerys know would become problematic in Westeros?
Who convinces Daenerys that she has no other means of acquiring an army?
What do Daenerys consider expanding?
Who translated Low Valyrian into the Common Tongue of Westeros for Daenerys?
Who is the owner of the Unsullied barracks?
What does Kraznys not know about Daenerys?
How old were the Unsullied trained for battle?
What do the Unsullied do not fear pain or death?
What does Kraznys show to the Unsullied?
What does Daenerys learn about the Unsullied?
Who is outraged by the Unsullied regime?
How many unsullied soldiers are there for sale?
Who did Jorah recommend that Daenerys purchase the Unsullied?
Who follows Daenerys and Jorah?
What is the name of the man who follows Daenerys and Jorah?
What does the child give Daenerys a gift?
Who knocks Daenerys out of her hand?
Who knocks Daenerys to the ground?
What does the ball release to Daenerys?
Who kills Daenerys with his dagger?
What does the child use to escape?
Who did Ser Barristan beg her forgiveness for failing during Robert's Rebellion?
In return for his wrongs, Ser Barristan offers to serve in what?
Who knocks Daenerys out of her hand?
Who knocks Daenerys to the ground?
What does the ball release to Daenerys?
Who kills Daenerys with his dagger?
What does the child use to escape?
Who did Ser Barristan beg her forgiveness for failing during Robert's Rebellion?
In return for his wrongs, Ser Barristan offers to serve in what?
Who knocks Daenerys out of her hand?
Who knocks Daenerys to the ground?
What does the ball release to Daenerys?
Who kills Daenerys with his dagger?
What does the child use to escape?
Who did Ser Barristan beg her forgiveness for failing during Robert's Rebellion?
In return for his wrongs, Ser Barristan offers to serve in what?
Who did Daenerys reach an agreement with to sell Drogon for all of the Unsullied soldiers?
What dragon did Kraznys sell for all of the Unsullied soldiers?
What are key to winning the Iron Throne?
Who does Daenerys take as a token of faith?
What did Daenerys scold Jorah and Selmy for?
What does Missandei respond to?
Who warns Missandei that she was heading to war?
What is the name of the Valyrian aphorism Missandei recites?
What is the name of the Valyrian aphorism Missandei recites?
What does Missandei know?
Who prepares to exchange Drogon?
Who does Daenerys hand the chained Drogon to?
What is the symbol of ownership over the Unsullied?
What did Daenerys order the Unsullied to do?
What language did Barristan and Jorah not know about Drogon?
Who takes control of the Unsullied?
Why did Kraznys order the Unsullied to kill all the slave masters and free all the slaves in Astapor?
What does Daenerys order to do when Kraznys desperately shouts for someone to kill her?
Who does Daenerys sack with little resistance?
What does Astapor say to all of her Unsullied warriors?
What does Daenerys give them the option of fighting under her command as free men?
What do the Unsullied remain at first?
What does one Unsullied soldier beat against the ground?
What did the rest of the Unsullied follow shortly after Daenerys sack Astapor?
What do the Unsullied warriors do?
What is the next great city of Slaver's Bay?
Who was given the name of a type of vermin?
Who set Grey Worm free?
What does Jorah believe Yunkai's defenders will use against her army?
What does Jorah view as a distraction from their main goal of taking Westeros?
How many slaves do Yunkai have?
Who orders Daenerys to send a messenger to the city?
Who is Razdal mo Eraz?
What did Razdal claim to have prevented Daenerys from attacking his city?
Who is undaunted and comments that a hard-fought battle will give her unsullied much-needed practice?
What did Razdal provide to her to transport her army to Westeros?
Where will Daenerys leave Yunkai?
Who did Daenerys give Razdal an ultimatum?
Who rejects Razdal's offer?
What do Razdal threaten to use to destroy her?
Who makes threatening gestures toward Razdal?
Who did Daenerys respond to when Razdal protested that he had been promised safe conduct?
Why is Razdal unable to reclaim the chests of gold he brought with him?
Who did Daenerys order her knights to find out about?
Who is the Second Sons?
What are the Second Sons?
Who does Daenerys tell to organize a meeting with the Second Sons' captains?
Who does Dany meet with?
Who does Mero liken Daenerys to?
What is the name of the throne that Daenerys reclaims?
How many dragons did Daenerys have a year ago?
How long does Daenerys give them to make up their mind?
Who does Dany meet with?
Who does Mero liken Daenerys to?
What is the name of the throne that Daenerys reclaims?
How many dragons did Daenerys have a year ago?
How long does Daenerys give them to make up their mind?
Who suggested attacking the city through its lightly defended back gate?
What did Daario plan to do to sack Yunkai?
Who was skeptical of the plan?
What did Daario try to do during the war meeting?
What did Ser Barristan do to guard Daenerys?
Who guarded Yunkai?
Who captured Yunkai within a few hours?
What did people of Yunkai celebrate Daenerys as?
What did Daenerys tell the slaves that it was their own choice to reach for?
From what language did the liberated slaves use Daenerys as their mhysa?
What did the former slaves see Daenerys as in an increasingly dark world?
How many dragons does Daenerys have?
What does Daenerys stroke?
What does Drogon do to Daenerys?
Drogon roars and goes to what?
Drogon snarls a warning at who?
Drogon snarls a warning at his mother?
Who approaches the gambling commanders?
Who is absent and sets out to find them after being told they are gambling?
What do Grey Worm and Daario Naharis decide on?
Who does Daenerys say the honor goes to?
What does Daenerys order the two men to do?
What does Daenerys say the last man holding his sword will find to fight for?
What do both Daario and Grey Worm drop their swords?
Who tells Daenerys that Meereen would be wise to fear her approach?
Where does Daario meet Missandei?
What is important to Missandei's strategy?
What does Daenerys find on the road to Meereen?
Who tells Daenerys there is one for each mile to the last of the great slave cities?
Who offers to have outriders go ahead and bury them?
Who is Dany's champion?
Who challenges Daenerys to choose a champion that will fight for her?
Who is the most expendable member of Daenerys's entourage?
What did Naharis catapult from the slaves she has freed across the city walls?
Who looks on as the slaves examine the broken chains?
Who led Daenerys to sneak into Meereen?
What is the success of the slave revolt in Meereen?
What do the freedmen of Meereen celebrate her arrival?
Who was the council of Daenerys to answer their injustice with mercy?
answer Targaryen banner
What banner covers the Great Harpy of Meereen?
Who took the Meereenese navy?
Where does Daenerys ask if it is enough to take her army to?
What did Jorah say she might be able to take King's Landing?
In what city did the Wise Masters re-established slavery?
Who has overthrown the council she has left behind to rule in Astapor?
Who does Daenerys command to leave her?
What does Daenerys decide to stay in Meereen?
What does Daenerys set up the time to hear from her new subjects?
What is one of Daenerys's first subjects?
Who asks to be allowed to bury his father?
Who swayed Daenerys?
Who informs Daenerys that there are more supplicants?
Who is surprised at Daario's intrusion?
Who wants to give Daario flowers?
What are the two talents Daario asks to indulge in?
Who is assigned to patrol Meereen?
What does Daario say does not do?
What does Daenerys do if he is sworn to her?
Who orders him to take off his clothes?
Who does Daenerys accept?
When Daenerys leaves, Jorah observes that he is what?
What is the name of the second Sons that Daenerys says she is sending the Second Sons to retake?
To ensure that what is truly dead in the city, Daario is under orders to kill every Wise Master the Second Sons encounter?
Who told Jorah that she is about to go to the Wise Masters?
What does Daenerys instruct Jorah to tell Daario that she has changed her mind?
Who leaves Daenerys council?
Who is in her chambers with Missandei?
What did Missandei catch while she was bathing naked downstream?
Who asks if Missandei thinks he was spying on her?
What does Missandei say Missandei thinks he was spying on her?
What does Missandei say Grey Worm isn't interested in?
Who did Missandei say he was interested in?
Who does Missandei ask if a slave is castrated?
What does Missandei say about Grey Worm?
What does Missandei say she has?
Who finds out that Jorah was spying on Missandei?
Who banishes Jorah from her service?
Who plotted to divide Jorah?
When did Daenerys counter that the pardon was forged?
What did Daenerys claim the pardon was?
Where did Varys confess to giving Varys information on Daenerys's activities?
Who gave Varys information on Jorah's pregnancy to them?
Why did Daenerys retort Jorah's actions stop her from being poisoned?
What did Daenerys say he betrayed Jorah?
What does Jorah give him a day to leave Meereen?
Where will Jorah's head be thrown?
On what horse is Jorah last seen leaving Meereen?
Who is receiving another day's supplicants?
Who approaches the throne of Daenerys?
Who employed Fennesz as a teacher for his own children?
How many years old is Calla?
Who was well-treated and well-respected as a servant of Master Mighdal?
Where did Fennesz stay after she took the city?
Who asked Fennesz to stay in her house after she took the city?
What did Daenerys insist she had established to feed the freed slaves and barracks?
What does Fennesz say he has visited the refugee centers?
What did Fennesz believe he was too old to start anew?
Who did Daenerys come to to beg her permission to sell himself back to?
What does Fennesz want to own as a slave?
What does Daenerys implores her that the young who can adapt rejoice in her new world?
Who is waiting outside to make similar requests?
What does Daenerys admit to means making one's own choices?
How long was Fennesz's labor contract with Mighdal?
What does Fennesz earnestly thank her?
What is the name of the supplicant who enters the labor contract with Mighdal?
Who does Daenerys require to translate?
What is the name of a human child?
What is the name of Daenerys's dragon?
What does Daenerys implores her that the young who can adapt rejoice in her new world?
Who is waiting outside to make similar requests?
What does Daenerys admit to means making one's own choices?
How long was Fennesz's labor contract with Mighdal?
What does Fennesz earnestly thank her?
What is the name of the supplicant who enters the labor contract with Mighdal?
Who does Daenerys require to translate?
What is the name of a human child?
What is the name of Daenerys's dragon?
What happened to the Golden harpy?
Who was murdered after the removal of the golden harpy from the top of the Great Pyramid?
Who did Daenerys request that he be buried with full honors in the Temple of the Graces?
Who reports on the situation in Yunkai?
What did Hizdahr refuse to support?
Who tried to convince Viserion and Rhaegal to reconsider?
What was the name of the slave that Daenerys learned?
Who hasn't been seen in weeks?
Where do Rhaegal and Viserion visit?
What does Daenerys try to attack upon hearing Rhaegal's voice?
Who leads a council meeting in the pyramid debating the fate of a Son of the Harpy?
Who was the freed Meereenese slave?
What does Barristan tell Daenerys about?
What does Barristan consider her father's lies?
Barristan insists that what did Daenerys do to her enemies?
What did Barristan tell Daenerys about her father's killings?
Who was killed in the rebellion?
What does Daenerys assure Barristan about?
Who gave his enemies justice he thought they deserved?
Who did Daenerys promise not to have executed without a fair trial?
Who is escorted away from the riots by the Unsullied?
What did Mossador say broke the law?
What did Daenerys promise when she conquered Meereen?
Who escorted Daenerys away from the riots?
Who is Dany reunited with?
What does Dany find atop the Great Pyramid?
What was Dany's reign over?
What is Daenerys left as she gazes at Drogon from the distance?
Who speaks with Ser Barristan about Rhaegar?
Where did Rhaegar and Ser Barristan leave?
What did Viserys say Rhaegar loved?
What happened to Rhaegar's money at a minstrel?
Who is in the throne room awaiting Daario?
What does Daario assure her about Hizdahr?
What did Daenerys tell Barristan to do in the city below?
Who pleads again to reopen the fighting pits of Meereen?
Who argues that the fighting pits provide a great spectacle that has always been enjoyed by both the masters and slaves?
Who does not interrupt Hizdahr as he continues to offer his proposal?
Who is Dany devastated upon learning of Ser Barristan's untimely death?
Who is the leader of Meereen's noble families?
What does Daenerys force the leaders forwards towards?
Who advises her queen to trust the decision that she alone sees?
What did Missandei do to Daenerys?
What does Daenerys decide to do to secure her bondage with the noble people of Meereen?
Who reassures him that her marriage to Hizdahr is purely political in order to maintain peace?
What does Daario suggest about her marriage to Hizdahr?
What pit does Dany view the fighters training for?
What caused Daenerys to become intrigued by the newcomer?
Who is the surviving fighter who reveals himself as when the fighting is over?
What does Jorah shout out that he has brought Daenerys?
Who is Jorah's companion?
Who brought Tyrion and Jorah to her inside the Great Pyramid?
Who did Tyrion and Jorah doubt about?
What did Tyrion's advice do to Jorah?
Who does Daenerys ask to be her adviser?
What do Daenerys think about executing Tyrion for betraying her family?
What does Daenerys suggest that she consolidate her power in Meereen and build a new kingdom for herself?
What does Daenerys say she'll stay in Meereen long enough to stabilize the situation?
What does Daenerys say she intends to do?
What does Daenerys inform Tyrion that she will take him on as an advisor?
Who is Hizdahr zo Loraq, Missandei, and Daario Naharis?
What does Daenerys watch to crowd?
When does Hizdahr tell her to clap her hands?
Who is the last fighter standing at the Daznak's Pit?
What does Jorah hurl at the royal box?
Who begin slaughtering collaborating Masters and freedmen?
Who evacuated Daenerys from the royal box?
Where do the Unsullied defenders stand?
What does Daenerys do to Missandei?
What do the Sons scatter in terror as Drogon bites and mercilessly burns the nearest ones to death?
What do the Sons rally enough to attack Drogon?
What is the name of the first dragonrider in over a century?
Who look on in astonishment as Drogon soars away?
Where is Daenerys far away from Meereen?
Who is still recovering from his wounds?
Dothraki bloodriders are surrounded by a khalasar?
What kind of bloodrider emerges from Daenerys?
How long is a khalasar surrounded by Daenerys?
What does the khalasar remove?
Who is the leader of the khalasar?
What did Khal Moro's wives suggest killing Daenerys?
What does Khal Moro say Daenerys is nothing more than?
Who is the widow of Daenerys?
Who is forbidden to sleep with a widowed khaleesi?
Where is the Temple of the dosh khaleen located?
Where does Daenerys return to?
What do the other widowed khaleesi give her traditional Dothraki clothing?
Who did Daenerys believe would conquer the world with her at his side?
Where will the khals decide Daenerys fate?
Who introduces Daenerys to other former khaleesi?
How old is Ornela?
Who gives Daenerys permission to relieve herself outside?
Who accosted Daenerys and Ornela?
What do Jorah and Daario tell Daenerys to do?
Where does Daenerys tell the gathered khals that none of them are fit to lead the Dothraki?
What does Daenerys declare to the khals that none of them are fit to lead the Dothraki?
Who burst into laughter after a pause?
Who declared that he would lead a Dothraki army to retake the Iron Throne for his khaleesi
Who do Daenerys gaze at?
Where does Daenerys knock over the braziers?
Who attempts to escape the rapidly spreading fire?
Who attempts to confront Daenerys a final time?
How do the dosh khaleen and khalasars gather?
What does Daenerys emerge?
Who follows Daenerys and the rest of the dosh khaleen?
Who move to the front of the crowd and bow last?
What did Daenerys thank Jorah for?
What is Jorah's condition?
Where does Daenerys tell her to find a cure for Jorah?
Who discusses her invasion of Westeros with Daario as they ride for Meereen?
How many ships does Daario have?
What does Daenerys believe she is a conqueror more than anything else?
What happens to the conversation between Daenerys and Daenerys?
What is the name of the khalasar that Daenerys declares as her bloodriders?
What do Daenerys vow to lead them to?
Where does Daenerys arrive?
Who mistakenly discovered Daenerys on the balcony of the Great Pyramid?
Who is currently besieging Daenerys and Tyrion?
What do Daenerys plead for to return their cities to the dirt?
Who are the slave masters of Daenerys?
Who will be sold back into slavery?
What does Daenerys do informing them they aren't meeting for her surrender?
Who rides Drogon while destroying the enemy fleet?
Who break free from the catacombs of the great pyramid?
Who does Daenerys order to burn the slave masters' ships?
Who kills Razdal and Belicho?
Who did Daario lead the Daenerys's khalasar to slaughter?
Who do Daenerys and Tyrion meet with?
Who is the uncle of the ironborn Yara and Theon Greyjoy?
Who accepts Yara's offer of an alliance?
What kingdom does Yara want to recognize her claim to queenship?
What does Daenerys stand for?
What does Yara agree to?
Who reports that the Dothraki fleet is nearly ready?
What do the Dothraki do on?
What does Daenerys believe he will seize to cut off the Lannister retreat?
Who did Daenerys clarify that Daario is to stay in Meereen with?
What is still Daario's most valuable bargaining chip when considering new alliances?
What does Daenerys point out about kings having mistresses and queens?
Who convinced Daario to leave him?
What does Daenerys muses?
What does Daenerys assure Daenerys that she'll leave specific instructions for him to follow in governing?
Who does Daenerys and Tyrion discuss the game of thrones?
What did Daenerys feel she was able to dismiss someone who loves her?
Who was the first man to love Daenerys?
What does Daenerys turn the topic to in her absence?
What does Daenerys believe he gave up on believing in himself?
What is the pin that Tyrion made for him?
What does Tyrion do in front of Daenerys?
Who sails for Westeros?
Where does Daenerys sail with the Liberation of Slaver's Bay?
What color is Daenerys clad in?
Where does Daenerys arrive for the first time since she was born?
Who removed one of Daenerys old banners?
What is the name of the table that Daenerys asks her Hand when they can begin their conquest?
What did members of Varys council comment on?
What kind of stone does Varys believe doesn't feel like home, but Tyrion reassures her that they won't have to stay
Who controls parts of Westeros?
What did Varys want to do with Viserys?
What did Varys betrayed her father for?
Who does Varys believe is the one most worth following?
What does Varys want to do instead of betray her?
Who supported Daenerys in Meereen?
Melisandre is immediately pardoned for what?
What does Missandei say the prophecy is in the language Melisandre used?
Who is the King in the North?
Who is Jon Snow's son?
Where did Tyrion travel with Jon?
Who asks about Jon?
Where did Cersei come from?
Who did Daenerys stop arguing over the assassination of Myrcella Baratheon?
Who did Yara want to attack immediately?
Who does Daenerys request an audience alone with when everyone has left the chamber?
Who does Olenna have a love for?
What does Olenna encourage Daenerys to be?
Who sits in the keep's throne room waiting for Jon and Davos Seaworth?
Where does Jon and Davos Seaworth arrive?
Who speaks Daenerys's name after their entrance to Dragonstone?
Who was Jon's ancestor?
Who did the fealty House Stark owe?
Who does Daenerys meet?
What is the reason Daenerys believes she has been destined to rule since her birth?
What does Jon insist her kingdom will be?
What role did Davos start stating Jon's achievements during his time as?
Who did Daenerys and Davos notice something off in Davos' speech about Jon taking a knife to the heart?
What was Jon's journey to his present standings as fraught with?
Who does Jon refuse to bow to?
Why does Jon refuse to bow to Dany?
What does Jon say about Daenerys?
Who concedes that this is fair but counters by saying that if he insists on that view, she will count him as a rebel
Who tells Varys that he is not yet in her captivity?
Who are the remaining Greyjoy forces dead or captured?
Who was the instigator of Euron's attack?
What did Tyrion talk about to Jon?
What does Tyrion insist must be shown from Jon's side?
Who says Jon took a knife to the heart?
What does Daenerys allow Jon to mine?
What do Daenerys and Jon have?
Who explains that people once thought dragons were gone for good?
Who does Daenerys remind Jon she won't let stay in power?
What does Jon say he hasn't changed his mind about?
Who offers to help Jon mine the dragonglass he needs?
What does Jon ask her if she believes Daenerys now about?
Who informs her of the plan for the Unsullied to take Casterly Rock through a secret passageway?
Who burned the Unsullied ships?
Who loses another ally during the sack of Highgarden?
Where is Missandei at her side?
Who interrupts Missandei's relationship with Grey Worm?
Where does Jon lead Daenerys through?
Who made Daenerys wall drawings?
Who did the Children of the Forest depict?
What is Daenerys feeling when he bends the knee?
What is more important than the lives of the Northmen?
What does Daenerys think of attacking?
What did Daenerys impulsively suggest to Tyrion?
Who does Daenerys turn her attention to?
What did Daenerys tell her about the dragons to destroy the castles and cities of Westeros?
What would make Daenerys no different than the ones she is trying to overthrow?
Who burns the Lannister-Tarly army?
What did Drogon blast the Lannister-Tarly infantry with?
What combination of dragonfire and cavalry charges overwhelms the Lannister-Tarly forces?
What do the arrows look harmlessly off Drogon's scales?
What type of attacks do Daenerys and Drogon launch from above to destroy the Lannisters' supply convoy?
What whizzes right past Drogon as he flies and Daenerys heads for the scorpion to destroy it?
Who strikes Drogon's wing before she can reach it?
What does Daenerys attempt to remove from Drogon?
What does Drogon incinerate the scorpion?
Where does Drogon land?
Where does Daenerys dismount?
What does Drogon's mother see while trying to do so?
Who saved Drogon by tackling him off of his horse into the river?
What does Cersei offer the survivors a choice to do?
Who roars menacingly from his perch behind Daenerys?
Who are the survivors of Drogon's battle?
What does Randyll claim he has chosen for his life?
Who suggested that Drogon send him to the Wall?
Who follows Drogon's father?
What do Daenerys sentence them to death?
What do Jon and Daenerys discuss?
Who approaches Jon?
Who allows Jon to touch him?
What does Drogon claim that the beasts Jon sees are?
Who did Daenerys inform Jon of her victory over?
What does Daenerys ask him to do for his people?
Who has been cured of his greyscale?
Who does Daenerys embrace Jorah?
Where is the Chamber of the Painted Table located?
Who are Daenerys half-siblings?
Where did the Night King march towards?
Who s Jon's ability to fight the army of the dead?
What does Cersei win if she abandons her cause to take?
Who did Tyrion hope to convince Cersei to join the fight against?
Where does Jon decide to take a wight north of the Wall?
Who is convinced by Tyrion's confidence in the mission?
Who does Daenerys bid farewell to?
What does Jorah quip that he is used to saying farewell?
Who did Jon and Jorah bid farewell?
What does Jon wish Jorah to do in the wars to come?
Who watches as Jon, Jorah, and the rest of the party depart on their boats for Eastwatch?
Who do Daenerys discuss with Tyrion?
What do Daenerys say they're heroes who do?
What does Tyrion say are heroes who all fall in love with?
Who does Daenerys dismiss?
What do Daenerys discuss with Tyrion?
What did Tyrion tell Daenerys about fear?
Who did Daenerys say got a long way with fear?
Who will try to provoke Daenerys?
What did Tyrion lightly admonishes Daenerys for?
Who does Tyrion believe acted too hastily instead of exploring other options?
What does Tyrion want Daenerys to do?
What does Tyrion believe Daenerys did?
When does Daenerys want to set the discussion aside?
Where does Daenerys leave?
Where did Daenerys leave her army?
What did the Night King do to save Jon and his party?
Who does the Night King impales with an ice spear through the throat?
Who does the Night King shout at to leave?
Where does the Night King throw another spear at?
Who does Daenerys stand on the Wall with?
Who sacrificed Jon's life to save him?
What did the Night King do to save Jon and his party?
Who does the Night King impales with an ice spear through the throat?
Who does the Night King shout at to leave?
Where does the Night King throw another spear at?
Who does Daenerys stand on the Wall with?
Who sacrificed Jon's life to save him?
Where does Daenerys arrive on Drogon's back?
Who represent the North and Daenerys' court?
Who is flying overhead when Cersei demands to know where her rival is?
What do Daenerys and Jon try to warn Cersei of?
Who returns with the crate containing the wight?
Who gets the crate open, but there is still no movement?
What is the nearest target of the wight?
What is the length of the wight from Cersei's face?
What kind of shock does the assembled look on as the wight's upper half still moves around?
Who gave Jon a torch to show how fire can be used to stop the wights?
What does Jon use to end the wight's upper half?
Who asks how many wights are coming?
What does Euron ask about the wights?
Who announces to Cersei his intention to withdraw the Iron Fleet back to the Iron Isles?
What did Euron declare to Cersei that he had been over the whole world?
What does Euron tell Daenerys to return to his island?
Who is Daenerys concerned with?
Who is King in the North and Ned Stark's son?
How many queens does Jon say he cannot serve?
Who did the Starks and Targaryens battle?
Who tells Jon of Viserion's sacrifice?
What does Tyrion suggest about learning to lie just a little?
What do Daenerys and Tyrion argue about getting Cersei killed?
Tyrion reluctantly decides that he will go and try to talk some reason into what?
What does Tyrion insist about Cersei?
What did the power of the dragons waned?
Who is not like everyone else?
Who made Daenerys infertile?
What interrupts the conversation between Daenerys and Cersei?
Who will march north to fight with Cersei?
What do Daenerys and her court discuss in the Chamber of the Painted Table?
Where do Jon and the Unsullied meet in the Chamber of the Painted Table?
Who points out that the North is not really safer for Daenerys than anywhere else?
What does Mormont suggest that Daenerys fly to Winterfell?
Who rides with Jon to see her as a liberator and ally?
Who does Daenerys decide to sail north with?
Who suspects a different reason for Daenerys' decision?
Who and Jon give in to their feelings?
What do Daenerys and Jon meet their gaze?
What happens to Daenerys and Jon after he enters the cabin?
What do Daenerys and Jon give into?
Who was on his way to speak with his queen?
Who was Tyrion on his way to speak with?
Who march through Winter town on their way to Winterfell?
What does Jon remind Daenerys of?
Who fly overhead after Daenerys's arrival in Winterfell?
Where does Jon introduce Daenerys to?
Who sits at Winterfell's high table?
Who attempts to calm the hostile Northern lords?
What does Daenerys ask about dragons?
Who remarks to Jon about Sansa's dislike for her?
What does Daenerys say about Sansa?
Who said that the dragons haven't been eating as much as they normally do?
Where do Daenerys and Daenerys come upon the dragons?
Who does Daenerys mount?
Who is pleased with Jon's instant connection with her dragon?
Where do Daenerys and Daenerys land?
What do Daenerys and Jon share?
Who did Daenerys and Jorah meet in Winterfell's library?
What was Samwell Tarly's secret?
What does Sam jokingly ask for a pardon for?
Who is Daenerys's son?
What does Sam do for a few moments before asking to leave the library?
Who puts Jaime on trial?
What do the two women berate the Kingslayer for?
Who vouches for Jaime?
Who discuss Jon?
Who does Sansa fear has ulterior motives and that because Jon loves her, he will do stupid things for love?
What are the two women in the North helping fight?
What does Sansa believe the Northerners will never accept an outsider as their ruler again?
Who announced the arrival of Theon and his men?
Where will the army of the dead arrive within a day?
What does Daenerys discuss with the commanders and heads of houses?
Who was in front of Daenerys statue?
What did Jon say Rhaegar did not rape Lyanna?
What does Jon tell Daenerys about?
What does Daenerys ask about the story of Rhaegar?
Who assures Daenerys that Jon has a better claim to the throne than she does?
How many times does a horn sound to signal the arrival of the army of the dead?
What does Daenerys attack the army of the dead with?
Who summons a blizzard?
Where are Daenerys and Drogon attacked?
Who knocks the Night King off Viserion?
What does the Night King throw at Drogon?
Where does Jon rush into to help Bran?
Where do wights climb after Jon runs to stop the Night King?
Who falls after Daenerys sobbing while Drogon wraps around them?
What do Daenerys do after the battle?
What does Daenerys kiss?
Where does Daenerys celebrate?
Who makes a toast to Daenerys?
Who is the Hero of Winterfell?
Who does Daenerys exchange with?
What do Daenerys do after the battle?
What does Daenerys kiss?
Where does Daenerys celebrate?
Who makes a toast to Daenerys?
Who is the Hero of Winterfell?
Who does Daenerys exchange with?
What did Daenerys say he didn't want to be King in the North?
What do Daenerys say he'll do if he doesn't want to be King in the North?
What does Daenerys fear about his parentage?
What does Jon insist he must tell his sisters?
What does Daenerys believe the only way they can live together?
Who was killed by Daenerys?
What happens to Rhaegal when she rides Drogon next to Rhaegal?
Who does Euron's Iron Fleet try to take down?
What does Euron do to Daenerys's fleet?
What does Daenerys attempt to storm on Dragonstone?
Who executes Missandei?
What does a mournful Daenerys discover in her ranks?
Who discovered that Varys plotted to betray her and crown Jon in her place?
Who did Varys have to burn him?
What does a mournful Daenerys discover in her ranks?
Who discovered that Varys plotted to betray her and crown Jon in her place?
Who did Varys have to burn him?
What is the name of Daenerys' order to sack King's Landing?
What does Tyrion say the citizens of Westeros are not Daenerys's enemy?
Who counters that the slaves in Meereen turned against their masters and liberated themselves?
How many children will die?
What does Daenerys counter that Cersei is using as a weakness against them?
What does Tyrion call off when the people ring the city's bells?
Who agrees with Tyrion?
Who was caught by her men trying to get past their lines?
What does Tyrion warn that the next time he fails her?
What does Daenerys attack atop Drogon?
What do Daenerys attack?
What did Daenerys succumb to?
Who can destroy the remaining sellsword contingent and charge into the city?
What did the Lannister soldiers and civilians surrender?
Who burns King's Landing?
Who was Daenerys father?
What did the armies take their lead from Daenerys?
What is Daenerys hailed in?
Who is executed after the battle?
Who cheers Daenerys on?
What did the armies give Daenerys?
Who does Daenerys perceive as?
What does Tyrion confront Daenerys about?
What happens to Daenerys when he confronts him about freeing his brother?
Who is arrested in return for killing Daenerys?
Who tries to convince a conflicted Jon on what Daenerys has become?
Who understands Daenerys?
Who is now the greatest threat to the people?
What does Daenerys observe?
Who was the conquest of Daenerys ancestor?
Who does Jon refuse to forgive?
What do Daenerys do to the people of King's Landing?
What does Daenerys believe can't be built by those loyal to the old one?
Jon argues that their world must be what?
What does Daenerys confidently assert about Jon?
Who is Jon unconvinced and asks about everyone else who thinks they know what is good?
What does Daenerys urge Jon to help her build the new world she envisages?
Who dies in Jon's arms?
What does Jon thrust into Dany's heart?
How does Jon escape Daenerys' nose and mouth?
What does Jon hold Daenerys?
Who mourns his mother?
Drogon snarls at Jon before trying to nudge his mother awake?
Drogon roars in rage and grief at Jon before unleashing a jet of fire that melts what?
What happened to Daenerys's body?
Who is the Great Council of AC?
Who fulfills Daenerys' wish of breaking the wheel?
What kind of person was Daenerys?
What was Daenerys cowed by as a child and young woman?
What taught Daenerys pride, confidence, and the skills of command?
What began to manifest at the same time as Daenerys?
Who did Daenerys bouncing back and forth with with her brother?
What caused Daenerys to develop a largely black-and-white worldview?
What kind of worldview did Daenerys develop?
Who crucified children as she approached the city in an attempt to intimidate Daenerys?
What did many of the slave-masters oppose?
Who asked Daenerys how she intended to take the Iron Throne?
What did Daenerys earn the favor of the commoners in Slaver's Bay?
Who made Daenerys a conqueror rather than a liberator?
Who was the one who came to deny Daenerys the independence they had gained after so many sacrifices?
Why was Daenerys surprised by the lack of accommodation to her rule?
Who told her that the smallfolk don't care who their ruler is as long their lives are free from starvation, illness,
Who warned her that coming to Westeros wouldn't have made her a liberator?
What did Ser Jorah's reaction show that she refused to accept the reality of the Seven Kingdoms?
Who did Ned Stark accuse of conspiring with to kill Daenerys?
Who did Daenerys consider as a traitor?
What did Daenerys consider Jaime Lannister as a traitor?
Why did Daenerys show herself to be vengeful?
Who tricked Daenerys into using blood magic to save Drogo?
Who played a role in the theft of Drogo's dragons?
Where did Randyll and Dickon Tarly stand for?
What did Daenerys offer to the Tarlys?
What did Tyrion believe was the result of her execution of the Tarlys?
Who advised Daenerys to learn to take decisions by herself?
What has Daenerys displayed?
Who incinerated the young daughter of a shepherd in Meereen?
Who does Daenerys desperately ask for her input?
What kind of attack did Daenerys rescue from?
What does Daenerys show in a small voice?
What type of commander did Daenerys have?
What two battles did Daenerys win?
What did Daenerys' victories have more to do with?
Who did Daenerys surround herself with?
What did Daenerys know how to win battles in such a way to leave herself in the strongest position possible?
Who did Daenerys use at the Sack of Astapor and the Battle of the Goldroad?
What type of commander did Daenerys have?
What two battles did Daenerys win?
What did Daenerys' victories have more to do with?
Who did Daenerys surround herself with?
What did Daenerys know how to win battles in such a way to leave herself in the strongest position possible?
Who did Daenerys use at the Sack of Astapor and the Battle of the Goldroad?
What did Daenerys show herself to be in her life before her descent into madness?
What caused Daenerys to be too fragile to bear the burden of her moral defeat?
What plagued many of Daenerys ancestors?
What did Daenerys do towards?
What was often a late-onset condition in the Targaryens?
What did the men of House Tarly refuse to offer to Daenerys?
What plagued many of Daenerys ancestors?
What did Daenerys do towards?
What was often a late-onset condition in the Targaryens?
What did the men of House Tarly refuse to offer to Daenerys?
During what battle did Daenerys end up burning the inhabitants alive?
Who caused Daenerys's recent losses?
What does the Targaryen Madness equate to?
Who was the only person who could truly be called insane in the contemporary sense?
What did Daenerys feel after her destructive rampage?
What does Madness take many forms?
What does Madness seem to have emerged in Daenerys?
What ancestor was justified in dealing with the rebellious Faith Militant?
Who believed that she would one day become Queen of the Seven Kingdoms?
Who was the true heir to the Iron Throne?
How did Daenerys decide to take the Iron Throne?
What was the name of the tolling bell that caused Daenerys to snap?
How did thousands of innocent people die?
Who was the prime claimant to the Iron Throne?
Who made the fateful decision to end Daenerys' reign before it begins?
Who did Daenerys succumbed to?
Who is the second member of the Targaryen dynasty to bear her name?
Who was the first Daenerys sister?
What was the name given to Daenerys in the marriage-alliance?
Who is not called Daenerys II?
What is the name of Daenerys Stormborn?
What was Daenerys's full title?
What is the Breaker of Chains?
What was Missandei's previous title?
What do Daenerys' exploits become more famous and grow?
Who is increasingly referred to as the Dragon Queen?
Who was a stunt double for Emilia Clarke in the role of Daenerys Targaryen?
Kinga Gavalda was a stunt double for Emilia Clarke in what role?
Who played the role of Daenerys in the unaired pilot episode?
Who auditioned for the role of Daenerys?
Who explained the costuming shifts that Daenerys goes through in Seasons to?
What does Michele Clapton say Daenerys is willing to immerse herself in?
What is Daenerys outfit made of?
What does the Dothraki use to wear animal skins?
What type of costume did Daenerys use in Seasons?
Who provides Daenerys with a Qartheen gown?
Who was awed by Daenerys' generosity and Qarth's elegance?
Where did Daenerys wear a complete Qarth-style gown?
Where does Daenerys ship arrive?
What color was blue the color of royalty in?
What special occasion did Daenerys wear a blue dress instead of the traditional Targaryen colors of red and black?
What color was traditionally the color of imperial or royal authority for centuries in Europe?
What color did Daenerys no longer wear to her outfit?
When does Daenerys begin to wear more white?
What is one of the scenes that Daenerys has to be in?
What was Daenerys supposed to be in the middle of the fighting pit?
What was Daenerys mental removal from?
How did Daenerys feel about herself?
What did some of Daenerys dresses feature to give the impression of scales?
What color does Daenerys always wear underneath?
What type of clothing does Daenerys wear again for much of Season?
What is the name of the color that Daenerys wears red and black instead of white?
What is the ultimate expression of Daenerys acceptance of her identity as a Targaryen conqueror and the rightful queen of Weste
What does Daenerys start off by wearing in Season?
What is Daenerys style used to do in Season?
Who is Clapton's brother?
What is the name of the dragon that Daenerys represents?
Where did Daenerys arrive?
What does Daenerys wear across her torso?
What does Daenerys have at one point?
What does Daenerys wear to symbolize her selfless act of rescue?
Where does Daenerys arrive at the beginning of Season?
What does Daenerys have at one point?
How many shoulder fur is Daenerys only partially matching Jon's silhouette?
What does the juxtaposition between Jon's dark costume and Daenerys'?
How does Daenerys' costumes vary throughout the season?
What do Daenerys wear when she feels alienated or threatened?
What did Daenerys wear during the Battle of King's Landing?
What is the name of the dress Daenerys wears when she attacks the city?
What does Daenerys appear to be fireproof in the books?
Who burned Drogo's funeral pyre?
What is Daenerys more immune to fire than any other human?
Who claimed that Targaryens were immune to both fire and illness?
What did Viserys know about?
What does Targaryens seem to have?
What does Daenerys think to herself about the heat of Drogo's funeral pyre?
What kind of heat has shaped the Dornish to be more comfortable in?
What does Daenerys have on her hands when she rides Drogon out of the Great Pit of Meereen?
Who did the Inside the Episode feature for Book of the Stranger suggest that Daenerys might have some actual fireproofing ability?
In what episode does Daenerys notice the heat from the brazier in A Golden Crown?
Where did Daenerys show her fireproofing ability?
Where does Daenerys emerge unburnt?
What feature did Weiss and Benioff appear in?
What is no indication that Daenerys is fireproof in the series?
What did Daenerys realize didn't affect her like most people?
How long was Daenerys born on the Targaryen island refuge of Dragonstone?
Where was Daenerys born eight months after her father's death?
What was the name of the Targaryen fleet anchored at Dragonstone?
What was the name of the Targaryen fleet anchored at Dragonstone?
Who was a loyal retainer of Daenerys' family?
Who truncated the Targaryen family line?
Who was the son of Aemon Targaryen?
What books go into a little more detail about Daenerys's early life in the Free Cities?
Where did Daenerys live with Ser Willem and Viserys?
What was Ser Willem's age and yelled at the servants?
Who died after the Targaryen children were driven from the house?
What did Daenerys dream about?
Where was the closest home Daenerys ever had?
Who bounced around between patrons in Braavos?
What did some of the Targaryen children try to help them retake?
What did Daenerys often turn out on the street with little warning when their patrons lost interest in them?
What did Viserys begging for support throughout the Free Cities?
Where did Viserys travel from Braavos to?
How long did the Targaryen children stay in Pentos with Illyrio?
Who does not appear to have a particular religious affiliation in the books?
Where did Daenerys grew up?
What is the title of Daenerys' third novel?
When did Aegon the Conqueror invade Westeros?
Who was Daenerys's brother?
What religion is Daenerys aware of?
Where is Daenerys open-minded to the religions of new peoples she meets?
Who did Daenerys marry out of love for her husband's god?
Who isn't sure what her personal beliefs are?
Who says that she has faith only in herself and not in any god?
Which TV series suggests that Daenerys has faith only in herself and not in any god?
How old is Daenerys when the novels begin?
What kingdom is Daenerys curious about?
What kind of spirit does Daenerys have?
What does Daenerys' spirit begin to do after her brother's death?
What is the name of Aegon Targaryen's story?
Where did A Dance with Dragons meet?
What does Jon say Aegon does not see anything wrong about marrying his aunt?
What does Tyrion pour on the overconfident youth's hopes?
Who is a beggar if Tyrion appears before her?
Who did Aegon follow?
What is Aegon's claim to be stronger than her?
Who fits the prophecies about the prince that was promised and Azor Ahai?
Who did Daenerys fit the prophecies about?
Who is the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms?
Aenys I  Maegor I  Jaehaerys I  Viserys I  Aegon II
What is Daeron II?
What is Daeron II?
What is Daenerys I?
Who is Robert I?
Who is Tommen I?
Who is AC?
What is Cersei I?
What is AC-present?
What is the name of the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch?
Who resurrected King in the North in a mutiny?
Who did Jon seek to annihilate?
What role does Jon join the Night's Watch?
Who resurrected Jon?
Who did Jon and Sansa Stark retake from House Bolton?
Where did Jon and Sansa Stark retake Winterfell?
What is Jon declared in the North?
Who negotiates with Daenerys Targaryen for an alliance against the White Walkers?
Jon negotiates with Daenerys Targaryen for an alliance against whom?
What name did Jon abdicate his throne?
Who is Jon's aunt?
What dragonrider was Samwell Tarly?
What did Jon aid Daenerys in her resumed campaign?
What does Jon try to dissuade Daenerys from?
Where is Jon sent into exile?
What group does Jon lead to settle in the thawing free lands?
Who is Rhaegar Targaryen's bastard son?
Who guarded the Tower of Joy?
Who was Eddard Stark's betrothed?
Who was killed at the Battle of the Trident?
Where did Ned find Rhaegar?
Who did Ned and his companions save?
Who had just given birth to Rhaegar's son?
Who pleaded with Ned to promise that he would keep her son safe?
Who died during the Sack of King's Landing?
Who was Ned's wife?
Who was Jon Arryn?
Who was Ned's great friend and mentor?
What was the surname of Jon Arryn?
Who did Rhaegar have his marriage annulled and married Lyanna?
Where was Jon's illegitimate son?
Who did Eddard never tell anyone who was his mother?
What did Ned claim that Jon's mother was a lowborn woman that he met during the war?
What did Eddard never treat Jon differently from his trueborn children?
Where was Jon's presence at?
What was Catelyn's attitude towards Jon?
Who was Catelyn's daughter-in-law?
What type of status did Jon grow up feeling like an outsider at Winterfell?
Who would see that Jon was well-treated at Winterfell?
Who raised Jon as his own?
Who loved Jon?
Who did Jon receive a highborn education from?
What do Jon and Robb play with in their childhood?
Who was Theon Greyjoy?
Who was Jon's closest relationship with?
Who was Arya's mother's daughter?
Who is Bran's watchful eye?
Who is Rodrik's nephew?
Which deserter is being held in the holdfast?
What does Jon warn Bran to do as the deserter is brought into position outside?
What did Jon praise Bran for?
What species is found on their way back to Winterfell?
How many direwolves are there?
Why does Jon leave himself out of the count of Stark children?
What is the runt of the litter that crawled away from its mother's corpse?
What is the name of the runt of the litter?
What does Jon name the runt of a litter of direwolves?
Who are the royals groomed for?
What does Jon express against the royal family?
Who arrives at the banquet?
Where does Jon wait to vent his frustrations against a practice dummy?
Who is Jon's uncle?
Where does the Watch escape from Jon's life?
Who does the Watch meet?
What advice does Tyrion give to the young man?
What is the name bastard?
What does Tyrion say to be bastards in their father's eyes?
Who killed the Mad King?
What did Jaime sarcastically thank Jon for?
Who did Jon say goodbye to before he departs for the Wall?
What sword did Jon give Arya?
What does Jon say he will do before he departs for the Wall?
What does Robb ask as he prepares his saddle?
What does Jon say are hard to kill?
What did Robb offer to visit him at the Wall?
Who vows to tell Jon the truth about his mother the next time they meet?
Who is Jon accompanied by?
Who accompanies Jon to the Wall?
Where does Jon train?
What is the Night's Watch?
Who is the Master-at-Arms in charge of training new recruits?
Who taught Jon the Night's Watch?
Where does Benjen tell Jon he is going?
Benjen insists that he does what?
Who helps Jon see that he is no better than the recruits?
Who accepts Jon's new brothers?
Who does Benjen befriend when he arrives at Castle Black?
Who tells Jon that going easy on Sam won't help him?
Where is Jon inducted?
Who is Jon inducted into the Night's Watch?
Who asked for Jon as his personal steward?
What is Jon concerned about when Benjen's horse returns to the Wall riderless?
How many rangers are assigned to Benjen?
Who taunts Jon about being a traitor's bastard?
Where is Jon restricted to?
Who rewards Jon?
Who's corpse becomes a wight and attacks Mormont?
How does Jon save Mormont's life?
What is Jon's Valyrian steel sword?
What was the name of Jon's uncle?
What does Jon do to Robb and seek revenge for his father's death?
Who intercept Jon and convince him to stay?
What is the name of the game of thrones in which Mormont tells Jon that the Watch is marching beyond the Wall in force?
What does Mormont tell Jon that the Watch is marching beyond the Wall in force?
What does Jon swear to Jon?
Who does Mormont prepare for a command role as the Great Ranging travels North seeking Benjen and an explanation for the wight attack
What is the name of the unsavory ally of the Great Ranging?
Who tells Jon of Craster's sexual inclinations upon their arrival at the Keep?
Who does Jon take an instant dislike to when they meet with him?
Who is the leader of the wildlings?
What is the difference between life and death for many black brothers in the wild?
Who is Craster's pregnant daughter-wife?
What is Gilly's fear of having a son?
Who refuses to disobey Jon's order to leave Craster's wives alone?
What does Jon see Craster carrying into the woods?
What does Jon see Craster leave the child for?
What does Craster do to Craster?
What does Craster do to Jon?
Who does Jon expels from his home?
Where do the rangers await Qhorin Halfhand and his party?
When Qhorin arrives, he suggests altering their tactics and using small groups to overcome what?
Who lets Jon go?
Who do Jon and Ygritte ambush?
What kind of woman does Jon realize his opponent is?
Who does Jon and Ygritte not give away details of?
Who leaves Jon alone to execute Ygritte?
What is Jon's ability to do?
What happens to Jon and Ygritte?
Why does Jon decide to not regroup with Qhorin?
Who convinces Jon to sleep next to her to share body heat?
What does Jon reject?
What does Jon and Ygritte discuss the restrictions of the Night's Watch vows?
What does Ygritte know about the Night's Watch vows?
Who s Jon as to why the men of the Night's Watch hate the wildlings?
Who are descendants of the First Men?
What does Ygritte urge Jon to do?
What does Ygritte need to reach for when he is caught off guard?
What does Ygritte do when he is caught off guard?
Who holds Qhorin and Jon captive?
Who tells Jon that he should have taken Jon when he had the chance?
Who wants to Jon?
Who is the Lord of Bones prisoner?
Who tells Jon that the rest of the men were killed while they searched for him?
What does the Halfhand urge Jon to do?
What did Ygritte do after he feigns anger with Jon?
In what story does Theon refuse to flee and join the Night's Watch?
Who is Theon surrounded by in Winterfell?
Who is the flat of Jon slays Qhorin?
Who did Qhorin use the distraction to advance his plan to portray Jon as a traitor?
Who allows Jon to fight?
Who calls his father a traitor and his mother a whore?
Who whispers a line from the Night's Watch oath to Jon?
Who leads Jon to the crest of the mountain to look over the massive wildling encampment?
Where is the main wildling camp?
What is Jon shocked to see as they enter the camp?
What do many wildlings shout at Jon's approach?
What does Jon shout crow?
Who shoos Jon away?
Who is Mance Rayder?
Who did Jon kill?
What does Jon assume to be?
What happens when Jon kneels before the man he assumes to be Mance Rayder?
Who is Mance's lieutenant?
What does the Free Folk not recognize in their culture?
Who did Jon kill?
Who asks Jon why he wants to join Qhorin?
Where did the Night's Watch camped?
Where did the Night's Watch camped?
Who knew Craster but did nothing to stop the Night's Watch?
Who defeated the White Walkers once during the Long Night?
What does the black cloak attract?
Who marches south with Jon?
How many different groups are there in the Free Folk army?
How many different languages do wildlings speak?
What did Mance tell the Free Folks that they would die if they remain north of the Wall?
Who is Jon's scout?
What is Jon's eyes rolled back as?
What does Mance say he is?
What is a person who is capable of entering the mind of an animal?
What does Orell control to scout miles ahead?
What was the name of the warg?
Where do Jon and the Free Folk arrive?
How many men of the Night's Watch were there?
Where are the White Walkers trapped?
What are the missing corpses from the Night's Watch resurrected as?
Who agrees with Jon?
How many men will Tormund take to scale the Wall to attack Castle Black?
Who will attack Castle Black from its exposed rear?
Who is in position when his army makes a massive signal fire?
Who does Mance order Tormund to take with him?
What is the defense of the warg Orell?
What does the eagle see on top of the Wall?
How many patrols do Jon and Ygritte usually send out?
How many castles do the wildlings know along the south side of the Wall?
How many men are currently manned by Jon?
What is at the extreme eastern end of Castle Black?
What tower is at the western end of Castle Black?
How many men are currently garrison Castle Black?
How many men are there in Castle Black?
Who threatened Jon?
Who tells Jon that he likes him?
What does Jon remain to the lie?
How many men are currently manned by Jon?
What is at the extreme eastern end of Castle Black?
What tower is at the western end of Castle Black?
How many men are currently garrison Castle Black?
How many men are there in Castle Black?
Who threatened Jon?
Who tells Jon that he likes him?
What does Jon remain to the lie?
How many men are currently manned by Jon?
What is at the extreme eastern end of Castle Black?
What tower is at the western end of Castle Black?
How many men are currently garrison Castle Black?
How many men are there in Castle Black?
Who threatened Jon?
Who tells Jon that he likes him?
What does Jon remain to the lie?
Who led Jon, Ygritte and the wildlings?
Where do the Wildlings continue on?
What did Jon confront Orell about on the Wall?
What does Orell say about Ygritte?
Who led Jon, Ygritte and the wildlings?
Where do the Wildlings continue on?
What did Jon confront Orell about on the Wall?
What does Orell say about Ygritte?
Who intends to kill the old man so as to stop him from alerting the Night's Watch to their presence?
What rock does Jon surreptitiously hit when the party attacks the farmstead?
Who kills the old man?
Who kills the man with an arrow?
Who is Jon fighting?
Where does a hidden Bran enter Summer's mind to aid Jon?
Who kills Jon in Queenscrown?
What eagle swoops down and attacks Jon?
What is Jon's heartbroken eagle?
Who has an arrow ready to shoot Jon?
What does Ygritte insist about?
How many times does Jon shoot with her bow?
Where does Jon hover in and out of consciousness?
Who are overjoyed to see Jon?
Who inflicted injuries to Jon?
At what event was Robb's half-brother killed?
What did Sam say Jon was better than Robb?
What did Jon say he could never bring himself to hate Robb?
What does Sam say Jon is better than him at everything?
How many sworn brothers have Jon been summoned to testify before?
What did Jon admit to at the hearing?
Who intends to attack and gives intel on his plans and strength?
Who are openly hostile to Jon?
Who realizes that Jon is speaking the truth?
Where does Theon reluctantly guess that the Boltons may try to head to Jon?
Who is Jon a bastard?
What did Roose Bolton promise as a reward to the Boltons?
Where does Olly arrive?
Who is the orphan of the Night's Watch?
Who asks for Jon's opinion on protecting the smallfolk living in the Gift?
Where is Jon informed about the situation?
Who have escaped the mutineers at Craster's Keep?
What do the wildlings reveal about the mutineers at Craster's Keep?
Who captured the mutineers at Craster's Keep?
What should be the top priority of the wildlings at Craster's Keep?
Who is one of the new recruits that Jon and Grenn train to fight wildlings?
Who interrupts the training session?
Who approaches Jon and tells him that he is a steward?
Who are talking about Bran going beyond the Wall?
What is the name of the new recruit that Jon and Grenn are training to fight wildlings?
Who convinced Thorne that Jon ing his decisions is a problem?
Who secretly intends to kill Jon during the mission?
Who was killed at the hands of the mutineers?
Who secretly intends to kill Jon during the mission?
Who was killed at the hands of the mutineers?
How many people were killed by the Night's Watch?
Who did Jon reunite with?
Where did Jon give Craster's wives refuge?
What do the Night's Watch members say they can't trust them?
Where did Jon set a torch to before leaving?
Where does Jon return to?
What is the name of the name of the black brothers who return to Castle Black?
What was Mance Rayder's army closing in on?
What does Jon say about the gates of Mance Rayder's army?
Who refuses to listen to Jon?
Who does Alliser assign to night duties until the next full moon?
Where does the news of the wildling attack on Mole's Town reach?
Who try to comfort Sam who believes Gilly and her baby are dead?
Who is furious that the wildlings slaughtered the inhabitants of Mole's Town?
Who is imminent if Mole's Town has been attacked?
Where does the news of the wildling attack on Mole's Town reach?
Who try to comfort Sam who believes Gilly and her baby are dead?
Who is furious that the wildlings slaughtered the inhabitants of Mole's Town?
Who is imminent if Mole's Town has been attacked?
What kind of horn blows north of the Wall?
Who did Jon approach?
Where is Tormund's band of wildlings at?
Who is responsible for the Wall's defenses?
What does Slynt do?
Who did Grenn falsely claim that Alliser needs back down in Castle Black?
What do the black brothers continue to rain down on the advancing wildlings?
Who is responsible for the Wall's defenses?
What does Slynt do?
Who did Grenn falsely claim that Alliser needs back down in Castle Black?
What do the black brothers continue to rain down on the advancing wildlings?
When does Jon fight Styr?
How does Styr get the upper hand?
What does Styr smash his face into?
What does Jon do to Styr?
What did Jon find Ygritte pointing her bow at him?
What did Olly do to Ygritte?
Who shot Ygritte through the heart?
What did Olly say to Ygritte?
Who is the only wildling left alive in the castle?
What does Jon subdue Tormund with?
Who does Jon plan to assassinate?
Who does Jon try to stop?
Where does Jon prepare to leave?
Who is among the casualties?
Where does Jon decide to leave with Sam?
Who did Jon give to before he leaves Longclaw?
Who tells Jon to come back to Longclaw?
Who does Jon find in a wildling camp north of the Wall?
Who does Jon meet?
What does Mance notice that Jon is eyeing?
What sound is interrupted before anyone can make a move?
How many mounted knights arrive outside to slaughter many of the wildlings?
Who did Jon suggest Stannis arrest instead of executing him?
What does Jon advise Stannis to do to prevent them from returning as wights?
Who does Jon notice staring at Ygritte through the flames?
Who tells Jon that Ygritte truly loved him?
What happens to Ygritte as he walks away?
Who summoned Jon to see Stannis atop the Wall?
What happens to the Red Woman?
What does Melisandre ask if Jon is?
What does Melisandre say Jon is a virgin?
What does Jon meet with Stannis and Davos?
What ruling did Roose Bolton rule?
Who reaffirms that he is a sworn brother of the Night's Watch?
Who states that his loyalty to the Night's Watch is considered dubious because of his time with the wildlings?
What does Stannis want Jon to do to the wildlings?
Who swears his loyalty to the Night's Watch?
Who will the King-Beyond-the-Wall be burned as a sacrifice to?
What does Jon try to convince Mance to do?
Who gives Mance one last chance to save his life?
Who lights the pyre?
What happens to Mance when Jon attempts to convince Mance to bend the knee to Stannis?
What does Jon shoot Mance through the heart?
Who summons Jon to discuss his future?
Who was the messenger-raven of Stannis?
What is the name of the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch?
Who is the commander of the Shadow Tower?
Who tally the tokens and a tie is declared between Jon and Thorne?
Who is the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch?
Who approached Jon about the offer of legitimization?
What was Jon's dream to be with the Night's Watch?
Where does Stannis tell Jon he intends to march on?
Who does Stannis recommend sending to command Eastwatch-by-the-Sea?
Who leaves the Night's Watch?
What does Davos say the Night's Watch protects?
Who did Jon Snow assign to oversee the digging of a new latrine pit?
Who is a member of the Night's Watch?
What is the name of the castle that Jon orders Slynt to repair?
What does Jon ask Janos if he's refusing to obey?
What does Janos say to Jon?
What does Olly call for Olly to fetch?
Who does Jon execute?
Where does Janos plead for mercy?
What does Jon execute the cowardly former Commander of the City Watch?
Who sees Jon behead Janos for refusing his orders?
Whose new recruits are observing Jon?
What does Sam ask the Northern Lords for?
Who is Jon's brother's killer?
What is the name of Melisandre's home?
What is Jon's love for?
What does Jon Snow say to Melisandre?
What does Aemon tell Aemon to do?
What is Jon's plan?
Who is Jon trying to keep the wildlings from falling into the hands of?
What is Jon's goal to keep the wildlings from falling into the hands of the coming White Walker army?
Where did Mance's army flee to?
What does Jon want Tormund to negotiate with?
What will the wildlings know so long as Jon accompanies him so that the wildlings will know?
How many of Stannis's ships does Jon borrow?
Where does Stannis prepare to leave Castle Black?
Who was Tormund's brother?
Who criticizes Jon's mission?
Who does Jon hugs for what might be the last time he leaves Castle Black?
What does Ramsay say Jon has been appointed to?
When did Ramsay mention to Sansa that Jon has been made Lord Commander of the Night's Watch?
Where does Jon arrive?
Who did Tormund kill for challenging him?
Who was killed by the wildlings?
What kingdoms are not enough to stop the White Walkers?
How many wildlings agree while the rest decide to stay?
How are the White Walkers attacked?
What do Jon fight his way to the hut to retrieve?
How long does Jon fight for a White Walker?
What material does Longclaw use to parry his attack?
What metal does Longclaw use to kill the White Walkers?
What was the name of the massacre that happened to Jon?
Who appears at thousands of e wharf and shares a long glance with Jon?
What does Jon look on in as he knows the slaughter he just witnessed is merely a prelude to what is coming for all of West
Who watch as the wildlings exodus?
Who refuses to open the gates of Castle Black?
Where are the wildlings let through Castle Black?
What does Thorne tell Jon that will get him killed?
Who are some of Jon's brothers who look at him scornfully?
Where does Jon agree to send Sam to?
Where does Sam ask for leave to take Gilly and her baby with him?
Who left the Night's Watch?
What will be doubly prevalent as a maester before finding out that Sam and Gilly have had sex already?
What did Jon agree to?
Where did Davos return to to beg Jon for soldiers?
What will not be enough if they do ally with Stannis?
Who abandoned Stannis when it became apparent he would lose the Battle of Winterfell?
Who did Melisandre demise when she asked Davos about Stannis and Shireen?
Who heads inside the castle, leaving both Jon and Davos horrified at the news?
Who was Jon's uncle?
What sign did Jon find after being stabbed by his own men?
Who stab Jon while uttering, For the Watch?
What does Olly do as Jon kneels, gasping for breath?
Who leaves Jon out in the cold to bleed out?
Who was the orchestrator of Jon's demise?
Who do Ghost's cries summon to move Jon's body to his quarters?
Who did Edd find to protect Jon's body?
Who looks at Jon's body and claims that she had seen a vision of him fighting at Winterfell?
What did Thorne do if they don't surrender?
Who resurrected Jon?
Who was Shaken by Jon's death?
What does Davos say he wasn't asking the R'hllor for help?
Where does Melisandre perform a ritual with Jon's body?
What do Davos' attempts seem to be?
Who does Jon awaken after being rescued by Melisandre?
Who accosted Jon?
Who are the leaders of the mutiny accosted by Davos and Melisandre?
What are the leaders of the mutiny rounded up for?
Who is the exception to Jon's last words?
What did Jon declare to Edd?
Who did Jon relinquishe his command to?
Who reunites with Sansa?
What did Edd chast him for abandoning?
What did Jon retort by saying?
Who did Sansa escape with help from Theon?
What do Jon and Sansa embrace when he sees Sansa?
Who does Jon and Sansa talk inside while Sansa eats?
What did Jon and Sansa reminisce about?
What does Sansa regretfully mention to Jon during their youth?
What did Jon shrugs it off as?
What is Sansa's last haven?
Who does Jon receive a threatening letter from?
Who does Sansa deduce is dead?
Who asks Jon how many men he has?
Who are the Northern Houses still loyal to?
Who did Jon plan his strategy against?
What does Jon suggest rallying the Boltons?
Who recaptured Riverrun?
Where do Jon, Sansa, Tormund and Brienne leave?
Who helps Jon fight the White Walkers?
Who is skeptical of the Wildlings?
What does Dalba believe Ramsay will do if he wins?
What does Tormund say if the wildlings don't help him?
What did Wun Wun stand up for?
Who did Jon, Sansa, and Davos appeal to?
Who was Lyanna Mormont's uncle?
Who convinces Ramsay that they need to defeat Ramsay in order to unite the North against the coming White Walkers?
How many men does Lyanna supply to the wildlings?
Who did Jon fail to convince to pledge his allegiance to?
Who gathers more men or the weather turns against them?
Who sends a letter calling for help behind Jon's back?
Who and Sansa attend a swift consultation with Ramsay?
Why does Ramsay refuse to surrender?
What does Ramsay say he will pardon Jon for breaking his vows if he will hand Sansa over?
What is Rickon's direwolf's head?
What does Sansa tell Ramsay about Rickon's capture?
Who did Sansa criticize Jon's underestimation of?
Why did Sansa criticize Jon?
What is Jon's opinion that the Boltons need more men?
Jon meets with Melisandre and insists to what?
What does Melisandre believe that only the Lord of Light can decide Jon's fate?
Who brings out Rickon?
What does Ramsay bring out to Rickon?
What does Ramsay fire at Rickon?
What happens to Rickon as he is about to reach his brother?
How do Bolton archers fire volleys of arrows in Jon Snow's direction?
Who commands the Stark cavalry to follow their commander?
Who executes his own pincer movement with his infantry?
What forces the Bolton army closer and closer together?
Who arrive with reinforcements courtesy of House Arryn?
Who pushed Petyr Baelish and Sansa to arrive with reinforcements?
What army is decimated by the Knights of the Vale?
Who does Jon make eye contact with as he retreats from the battlefield and chases him?
Who closes the gates of Winterfell?
Who defeats Jon's forces?
What kind of duel does Jon offer to Ramsay?
What did Jon block Ramsay's shots with?
Who's body is found in the crypt with Ned's bones?
Where did House Stark restore the hold of the Boltons?
Who's bones are found in Rickon's crypt?
Who asks Jon for Ramsay's whereabouts?
Who banishes Melisandre?
Who did Davos accuse Melisandre of sacrificing?
Who accuses Melisandre of sacrificing Shireen?
Jon orders Melisandre to leave the North on threat of execution?
Who is Sansa?
Who was the Lady of Winterfell?
What does Jon ask Sansa about?
What does Jon say he and Sansa must trust each other completely now?
Who has arrived from the Citadel?
What did Jon wryly point out about the arrival of winter?
Where do the surviving heads of the Northern vassal Houses gather?
What do the lords of the Vale debate?
Who did Lyanna Mormont help defeat?
What is the name of the King in the North?
What does Lyanna Mormont say Jon may be?
Who is the new King in the North?
Who avenged the Red Wedding?
Who is hailed as the new King in the North?
What is Jon Snow hailed as the new King in the North?
Who apologizes profusely?
Who swears Jon Snow's allegiance?
Who previously proclaimed Jon King in the North?
Who returns Jon's smile as he stands?
Who does Sansa see glowering in the corner of the hall?
Who are the sons of Bran?
Who are the sons of Bran?
Where did Jon meet?
How much of the North is fighting the White Walkers?
What does Jon ask that all maesters start searching for?
What is dragonglass more valuable than?
What does Jon advocate when Sansa advocates that the Umbers and Karstarks be stripped of their lands and titles as punishment for supporting
Who do Sansa summon to reaffirm their loyalty to House Stark?
Who did Ned Umber and Alys Karstark kneel before?
What does Jon say don't matter anymore?
Who does Jon chide Sansa for ing his decision-making?
Who did Jon remind Sansa of not to tolerate dissent?
Who did Jon tell Jon that he must act wiser than?
Where are Jon, Sansa, and Davos discussing Tyrion's letter?
What kind of dwarfs are in their fathers' eyes?
Where does Jon agree that now is not the right time to go?
Who will make a good ally in the war to come against the White Walkers?
What did Jon discover on Dragonstone?
Who tells the Northern lords that he has decided to accept Sam's discovery?
What powerful allies do Jon need to have any chance at defeating the Night King?
What does Jon name Sansa to rule in his place until he returns?
Who manipulates Jon's crypts beneath Winterfell?
What does Littlefinger try to do to Jon?
What is Jon's love for?
What does Littlefinger say he will kill him if he touches his sister?
Who will take a ship to Dragonstone?
Where do Jon and Davos arrive?
What dwarf did Tyrion address Jon as?
What does Tyrion observe that Tyrion has picked up?
Who asks that Davos surrender their weapons?
Who do Jon and his entourage hand over their weapons to?
Who did Davos and Jon first lay eyes on?
Who did Jon and Tyrion talk about?
What did Tyrion assure Jon that Sansa's marriage was?
Who is Jon aware of the fate of the Starks who had met with?
Who are Davos and Davos startled at flying low over the causeway?
Who is waiting for Jon within?
Who introduces Daenerys in the throne room?
What does Daenerys insist he is?
Who bent the knee to Aegon the Conqueror?
What does Daenerys want Jon to do?
Who did Daenerys accuse him of breaking faith with?
Who apologizes for her father's actions?
What do Daenerys urge Jon to do to children?
What does Jon argue that children should not be punished for the crimes of their parents?
Who tells Daenerys that he has come for her help?
How many dragons do Daenerys remind him of?
What does Jon like the fighting between the Great Houses to?
What is Jon's true enemy?
Who vouches for Jon?
What does Jon think the Army of the Dead needs to do?
Who did Eddard oppose the assassination plot?
What did Daenerys believe she was targeted by assassins, enslaved, raped, and defile
What does Daenerys talk about?
What kingdom is Daenerys destined to rule?
Who discuss Jon's kingship?
Who tells Daenerys that Jon won the support of the wildlings and fought the White Walkers?
What did Davos say Jon won the support of the wildlings?
What does Davos say it doesn't matter who?
Who doesn't see the point of Jon's refusal to submit?
Who disputes Jon's claims to queenship?
Who does Daenerys receive a message from?
Who does Daenerys order to give Jon food and lodging?
What does Jon ask when he is a prisoner?
What does Jon examine?
Who pose a threat to Jon?
Who does Tyrion trust?
What does Jon ask Tyrion about?
What does Jon want to do to help his people?
What does Tyrion encourage Jon to do to help his people?
Who is not Jon's father?
What does Tyrion ask if there is something he can do to help Jon?
What does Jon examine?
Who pose a threat to Jon?
Who does Tyrion trust?
What does Jon ask Tyrion about?
What does Jon want to do to help his people?
What does Tyrion encourage Jon to do to help his people?
Who is not Jon's father?
What does Tyrion ask if there is something he can do to help Jon?
What are the cave paintings of the Children of the Forest filled with?
How many years ago did the Children of the Forest stand?
What is the name of the chamber of the Children and the First Men?
What is the image of the White Walkers?
When did the Children of the Forest and the First Men drive off the White Walkers?
What does Jon want to do with Daenerys?
Who won't accept a southern ruler again after everything they've gone through?
What does Daenerys ask Jon if they will if their king does?
Who did Daenerys receive word about?
Who advises Daenerys against this?
What did Jon tell Daenerys about dragons?
What do the dragons do to Daenerys?
Who did Jon reunite with?
Who asks Jon if Sansa is all right?
Who is the only reason why Jon is still alive?
What is the name of the incident that Jon witnesses Daenerys returning to Dragonstone?
Who approaches Jon who does not flinch at the dragon and starts to pet him?
Who is approached by Daenerys?
Where is the army of the dead approaching?
Tyrion proposes a plan to capture what to prove Cersei about the existence of the White Walkers?
Who do Jon agree with?
Who resurrects Viserion for his own use?
What happens to Jon in the cold waters beneath the ice?
Who tells Jon to flee on his horse while he buys time for his nephew to escape?
On what horse does Jon watch his uncle being overwhelmed by the undead?
Along with Davos and Sandor, who is Jon brought to Eastwatch?
Where does Jon wake to find Daenerys sitting at his bedside?
What does Daenerys know is real?
What does Daenerys tell Jon that the dragons are the only children she will ever have?
Who did Jon thank Daenerys for addressing her?
What does Jon agree to do to my Queen?
What does Daenerys ask Jon?
What does Jon assure her that the Northern lords loyal to him will come to see her for?
Who is touched by his statement?
Who tells Daenerys to get some rest?
Where do Jon and the rest of his allies head to to parley with the Lannisters?
Who did Cersei dismiss as a ploy to trick her into lowering her defenses?
Who gave Jon a torch to show how fire can be used to stop the wights?
What does Jon use to end the wight's upper half?
Who is Daenerys concerned with?
What does Jon call on to keep the truce between Cersei and Daenerys?
How many queens does Jon say he cannot serve?
Who does Cersei declare that there will be no truce if it is just her and Daenerys?
Who rip into Jon over his ill-advised action?
What does Tyrion believe might be a good skill for Daenerys and Daenerys?
What do Daenerys and Tyrion argue is worthless?
What happened to the dragons as the power of the dragons waned?
Who is not like everyone else?
Who made Daenerys infertile?
What interrupts the conversation between Daenerys and Daenerys?
What will the Lannister army march north to fight alongside the Starks and Targaryens?
Who will mop up the White Walkers on their own?
Who refuses to back down from his pledge to help fight the White Walkers?
What does Jon and Daenerys want to know about?
Where does Jon enter the cabin where the two of them begin to consummate their relationship?
Where does Jon enter the cabin where the two of them begin to consummate their relationship?
Where do Sam and Gilly arrive?
Who was Jon born to?
Who wrote a journal about annulling Rhaegar's marriage?
What does Sam encourage Bran to use to confirm Rhaegar's marriage?
Where does Bran see a happy Lyanna wedding Rhaegar?
Where did Bran finally hear Lyanna's dying words?
What did Bran say Rhaegar never raped Lyanna?
Who was the son of Rhaegar?
What forces return Jon to Winterfell?
Who did the townspeople cast many suspicious looks?
Where does Jon introduce Daenerys to?
What is the name of the rider Jon and Daenerys riding?
Where did Jon hunt as a child?
Jon rides what for the first time?
Who is coming to Jon?
What does Sansa ask Jon?
What do Daenerys and Jon invite him to do?
Who does Jon fly alongside?
Who interrupts Jon and Daenerys kiss?
Who is more loyal to Sansa than the Targaryen queen?
In what remembrance of his family does Jon reunite with Sam?
Who executed his brother and father?
Who did Jon tell Sam that Daenerys executed men?
What did Jon do when he refused to kneel?
Jon says he was not a what?
Jon responds that he did what?
What is Aegon Targaryen, the son of Rhaegar and Lyanna?
Who is Jon's father?
Who is Jon's queen?
Who did Sam ask Jon if he would give up her crown for her people?
Who prepares to fight the dead near Winterfell?
Who will protect Bran in the godswood of Winterfell?
Where is Lyanna's statue located?
What did Jon tell Daenerys about the rape of Lyanna?
What does Jon tell Daenerys about Rhaegar?
Who is Jon's best friend?
What signal the arrival of the Night King's army?
When does Jon ride atop Rhaegal?
Who fights the Night King?
What happens to Rhaegal when he falls unconscious?
Who pinned Rhaegal down during the Battle of Winterfell?
Where does Jon make his way to fight the Night King?
What does Jon notice on his way to Godswood to fight the Night King?
Who defeats the Night King?
Who hailed Jon during the celebrations of the victory?
Who meets Jon in his room after the celebrations?
What did Daenerys say Jorah loved?
What do Jorah and Jon begin to do?
What is the name of the throne that Daenerys laments that Jon told her the truth of his parentage?
What does Jon say he does not want the throne?
What does Daenerys tell Jon?
Who tells Jon he will refuse and declares Daenerys will always be his queen?
Who insists that he must never reveal his parentage to anyone but Jon tells Daenerys he owes his sisters the
What is the only way that can happen if Jon tells Daenerys he owes his sisters the truth?
Who wants to take the Red Keep?
What does Sansa opt for?
What does Jon do to the queen?
What do Sansa and Arya state?
Who does Jon defend?
What did Jon say he has never been a Stark?
What is Jon's choice to tell Bran?
What does Jon swear to when he defends Daenerys?
Who tells Bran to reveal the truth of his parentage?
Where does Jon march along the Kingsroad with the Stark, Arryn, and Dothraki forces?
Who was executed for the Iron Throne?
Where does Jon depart from his forces after crossing the Trident?
Who is asked to take the Iron Throne?
Who did Jon discuss his parentage with?
Who burned Varys alive?
Who does Jon see when Varys is burned alive?
Who is responsible for Varys' death?
What does Daenerys confide that the people of Westeros love Jon more than her?
Who does Jon tell Daenerys that he loves Varys?
What does Jon break it off?
What does Daenerys resign to ruling by?
Who captures the Golden Company during the Battle of King's Landing?
What do the Lannister forces and people of King's Landing surrender?
Who burn the streets of King's Landing?
Why is Jon forced to fight?
What does Jon kill despite his calls to stop the carnage?
What caused the wildfire caches to erupt?
What is strewn everywhere in the ash-covered devastation wrought by Daenerys?
Who leaves for the Red Keep alone?
Who are executing remaining surrendered Lannister soldiers?
Who did Daenerys order Grey Worm to execute?
Who told Jon to take it up with the queen?
Who executes the captives as they walk away?
What does Jon warn Jon against?
Who disavows his loyalty and being arrested for releasing Jaime?
Who did Tyrion reunite with?
Who was killed in King's Landing?
Who will never bend the knee to her?
Who pleads with Jon to take action against Daenerys?
Who was right all along about Daenerys?
What does Tyrion warn that Varys won't stop until she has liberated the world?
What happened to Varys?
What does Tyrion know about Daenerys?
Why does Tyrion advise him to take action against Daenerys?
What does Tyrion ask him to do because of his parentage?
Who told Tyrion about his parentage because she doesn't want Daenerys as the Queen?
What does Jon respond to because she doesn't want Daenerys as the Queen?
Where does Jon find Daenerys standing by the Iron Throne?
What did Jon confront Daenerys during the battle?
What does Jon show to Daenerys during the battle?
What did Jon urge for Tyrion and those in King's Landing?
Who rejects this saying they can't hide behind mercy and states the world they need can't be built by those loyal to the current one?
Who assures that the new world she has in mind will be a good one?
When Jon asks about others who think they know what is good, she responds what?
What does Jon try to convince him to be by her side to do?
What did Jon try to do as he kissed Daenerys?
Who collapses and dies in his arms as Jon grieves over her?
Who lays Daenerys on the ground?
Who sees Daenerys dead on the floor?
Which dragon melts the Iron Throne and flies away with Daenerys corpse?
Where does Jon find Daenerys standing by the Iron Throne?
What did Jon confront Daenerys during the battle?
What does Jon show to Daenerys during the battle?
What did Jon urge for Tyrion and those in King's Landing?
Who rejects this saying they can't hide behind mercy and states the world they need can't be built by those loyal to the current one?
Who assures that the new world she has in mind will be a good one?
When Jon asks about others who think they know what is good, she responds what?
What does Jon try to convince him to be by her side to do?
What did Jon try to do as he kissed Daenerys?
Who collapses and dies in his arms as Jon grieves over her?
Who lays Daenerys on the ground?
Who sees Daenerys dead on the floor?
Which dragon melts the Iron Throne and flies away with Daenerys corpse?
Who did Jon bid farewell to after being taken into exile by two wandering crows?
Who did Jon congratulate on gaining independence for the North?
Where did Jon tell Arya she could visit him?
What did Bran say he was exactly where he was supposed to be?
Where does Jon arrive and reunite with Tormund and the wildlings?
Who does Jon reunite with?
Where does Jon ride along with Ghost and the wildlings?
What did Jon become after he was raised by Ned at Winterfell?
Who raised Jon at Winterfell?
Who was careful not to give Catelyn more attention than his lawful children?
Why did Eddard intentionally ignore Catelyn?
What did Jon consider Catelyn's behavior to be?
Who was Jon's half-sibling?
What did Robb and Arya become in training?
What was the name of the place where the old man was sure that their half-brother would keep them safe?
Where did Sansa reunite with his half-brother?
What does Sansa see as the best candidate for?
When Jon is forced to join the King of the Seven Kingdoms, what is the name of the show that Sansa shows great sorrow?
What did Jon learn to do as a bastard?
What did Jon do beyond his age?
What is Jon's desire to prove himself to society and to his father?
Who was Jon's uncle?
Who are some of Jon's fellow outcasts?
What type of child has Jon been unusually lucky for?
Where did Jon live?
Who trained Jon in combat?
What type of fighter is Jon?
What is the name of the highly-skilled warrior Jon takes on?
Where was Jon a new recruit?
What does Jon change his behavior to be?
What was Catelyn's devout adherence to?
Who was Catelyn's father?
When Jon took his vow to become a member of the Night's Watch, what did he do?
What was Jon's name when he joined the Night's Watch?
Who did Jon have realistic marriage prospects with as a bastard son?
What was Jon wary of having with random girls or prostitutes?
What has changed Jon?
What is Jon's experience of being murdered by his own men and then revived?
What did Jon abandon after being murdered for doing what he thought was right?
What does Jon become when he hasn't had any other choice?
Who was Jon's former steward?
What has brought Jon back into the fight?
Who marched off to war but forsook in the past?
Who did Ramsay decide to play a game with?
What is Jon's name?
In just a few years has Jon risen up from being a bastard to becoming what?
Who are the main names of Jon Snow and Ygritte?
Who is the main character of Ygritte?
Who is the main character of Daenerys Targaryen?
Who are Jon Snow and Jon Snow?
Who is the main character of Daenerys Targaryen?
Who are Jon Snow and Jon Snow?
What is Bran's vision in?
How old is Jon in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
What is Arya?
What does Jon love?
In what series has Jon never been on good terms with Theon?
What does Theon feel Jon is about his highborn status?
What does Theon resent Jon for being?
What does Eddard refuse to reveal?
Why does Eddard refuse to reveal who Jon's mother is?
Why does Jon feel alienation from his family?
Who views Jon as an interloper in her family?
Who is unable to sit with his family at the feast?
What does Jon sit with at another table?
Who is Jon's uncle's uncle?
Who decides to go to King's Landing?
What did Catelyn do when Jon joined the Watch?
What was the name of the legends of the Night's Watch?
Who caught the pox as a child?
What is the name of Jon's uncle?
What character was invented for the TV series?
Who did Jon kill to save Jeor Mormont's life?
What was the cause of the burns of his right hand and his forearm?
What do the Night's Watch members wear over both hands?
What did Jon see a White Walker take in the forest as he did in the TV series?
Who asks Jon why he would betray the Night's Watch?
What did Jon see a White Walker take in the forest as he did in the TV series?
Who asks Jon why he would betray the Night's Watch?
Where does Jon return to to finish off the mutineers?
Where does Jon return to to finish off the mutineers?
When did Jon return to Craster's Keep to finish off the mutineers?
Who did Sansa marry?
What does Robb realize he needs to name a new heir?
Who pleads with Robb not to choose Jon?
Who did Robb sign the decree in the presence of?
What is no longer mentioned in the books?
Who did Robb send the decree to?
What is the name of Jon who has not received the decree?
Who offered to make Jon Lord of Winterfell?
What type of son does Jon have reservations about?
Who assures Jon he can legitimize Winterfell?
Who tells Jon R'hllor is the only true god?
What has no more power than one sworn to your shoes?
What is the purpose of a vow sworn to a tree?
What does Jon accept Winterfell as a gift of the Lord of Light?
When he was very young, too young to understand what meant to be a bastard, what was Winterfell?
When did Jon dream that Winterfell might be his?
What does Jon have to do to claim his father's castle?
What does Jon think about Winterfell?
How many pups did Robb find in the late summer snow?
What does Jon reject?
What is the name of the oathbreaker and defiler of the old gods?
Who did Jon know he must deal with?
Who did Slynt take part in?
Which cronies do Jon decide to keep close to him?
Who does Jon execute for his insubordination?
How many rangers do Jon send to scout beyond the Wall?
What does Throne do?
Who has not returned to Castle Black?
What is one of the goals that Jon intends to achieve as Lord Commander of the Watch?
What is Jon's mission to restore and garrison the sixteen abandoned castles?
What do most of the castles have been garrisoned?
Who is Stannis' unofficial advisor?
What is the name of the defenders that Stannis would have overcome?
Who created the plan to attack the Dreadfort?
How many times does Stannis' army grow?
Who did Cersei give to the council?
What does Cersei claim to the council?
What do most council members suggest imposing on the Night's Watch?
What did Qyburn plan to do to kill Jon?
Who does Cersei intend to send with a hundred men to the Wall?
Who did Jon propose an alliance with?
Who did Jon propose an alliance with?
Who is Melisandre's sister?
Who informs Jon of the Karstarks' plan to betray Stannis to the Boltons?
Who does Jon believe Arya is marrying?
What did Melisandre ignore?
What does Jon say he is loyal to his oaths?
Who is still alive?
Who did Melisandre persuade Jon to send Mance to rescue?
Who is the representative of the Iron Bank of Braavos?
What does Jon secure a loan from Nestoris for?
Who does Jon send to Hardhome?
Where does Jon arrange a mission to rescue the wildlings?
Who reports that the wildlings are under siege by wights?
What prisoner did Ramsay take?
What is the name of Ramsay's letter?
What does Ramsay do if Jon does not agree?
What does Jon realize he can't defend Castle Black from attack from the south?
What could be construed as?
What is the name of the head of the Night's Watch?
Who is there to witness the letter after Jon's resurrection?
What was the last straw for the older Watch officers?
Who would destroy the entire Night's Watch if Jon fought Ramsay?
Who does Jon fight with as he prepares to leave?
What does Jon try to talk everyone down to prevent?
Who does Jon openly weep as he says for the Watch?
What is the chapter of Jon's POV?
Who is not present as the character was invented for the TV series?
What is the last word Jon utters as he hears his direwolf howling?
In what series will Jon return?
Who was Eddard's sister?
What was the abbreviation R+L=J for?
Who was Jon's mother?
Who is Jon's father?
Who gave contradictory accounts of Jon's mother?
Who did Lyanna run off with?
Who was one of the greatest members of the Kingsguard?
Who is the son of Rhaegar and Elia Martell?
Who is Aegon Targaryen's half-brother?
What is Aegon Targaryen considered in the show?
Who was the only member of the Targaryen bloodline that can easily bond with and ride dragons?
What dragon does Jon ride?
Who was Robert's second cousin in the books?
Who is the only living member of the Baratheon bloodline?
Who was Doran Martell's middle son?
Who was the only member of the Targaryen bloodline that can easily bond with and ride dragons?
What dragon does Jon ride?
Who was Robert's second cousin in the books?
Who is the only living member of the Baratheon bloodline?
Who was Doran Martell's middle son?
Who is Jeor Mormont?
What is Jon Snow's name?
Who is Jeor Mormont?
What is Jon Snow's name?
Who is Jeor Mormont?
What is Jon Snow's name?
Who is Jeor Mormont?
What is Jon Snow's name?
What is the name of the player?
What is Benjen Stark's name?
What is Benjen Stark's name?
Who  Clydas  Dareon  Gordo  Hobb  Mink  Myk  Samwell
Joby  One-Eyed Joe  Luke  Lobor  Erik?
What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
Pypar  Jon Snow  Bowen Marsh?
What is Donnel Hill's name?
What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
Who is Bowen Marsh?
What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
Pypar  Jon Snow  Bowen Marsh?
What is Donnel Hill's name?
What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
Who is Bowen Marsh?
What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
Rancer  Toad  Vorkoy  Casper?
What is the name of Rancer?
What is the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name
What is the name of the Black Jack Bulwer?
Cotter  Othell Yarwyck?
Cotter  Othell Yarwyck?
What is the name of the Kegs  Black Jack Bulwer  Mully  Cotter?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What is Castle Black  Eastwatch-by-the-Sea  Deep Lake  Greyguard  Nightfort 
What is Long Barrow's name?
What is the name of Shadow Tower?
What is Long Barrow's name?
What is Castle Black  Eastwatch-by-the-Sea  Deep Lake  Greyguard  Nightfort 
What is Long Barrow's name?
What is the name of Shadow Tower?
What is Long Barrow's name?
What percentage of Disney's Star Daenery TargaryenRhaegar TargaryenArya StarkSansa Star
What is Jon Snow's cousin?
Who is Sansa Stark the eldest daughter of?
What is Jon Snow's cousin?
Who was the heir to the Iron Throne?
On what charges did House Lannister execute her father?
Who did Sansa return to Winterfell?
Where does Sansa reunite with Jon?
What does Sansa become?
Where do the knights of the Vale and the knights of the Vale retake Winterfell?
Who did Jon abdicate Jon's title in favor of?
Who did Jon abdicate Jon's title in favor of?
In what battle did Daenerys assassinate?
Who tutors Sansa Stark?
Who is the Warden of the North?
Where was Sansa born and raised?
Who is Sansa's bastard half-brother?
What is Sansa good at?
Who did Sansa dream of being a queen like when she was young?
Who thought Sansa would be even more beautiful than she was when she was younger?
Which sister has neither her looks nor her accomplishments in feminine activities and comportment?
Where was Sansa born and raised?
Who is Sansa's bastard half-brother?
What is Sansa good at?
Who did Sansa dream of being a queen like when she was young?
Who thought Sansa would be even more beautiful than she was when she was younger?
Which sister has neither her looks nor her accomplishments in feminine activities and comportment?
What does Sansa adopt when her brothers find an orphaned litter of direwolf pups?
Where does King Robert Baratheon visit to offer Sansa's father the position of Hand of the King?
Who does Robert offer to betroth to Sansa?
Who is Sansa taken with?
What does Sansa want to do with the capital?
Who takes the office of Hand?
Who is the king's headsman?
Who is the butcher's son of Arya?
Who bites Joffrey's arm when Arya threatens her with his sword?
Who flee and Joffrey cries before snapping at Sansa to get him help?
Who asks Sansa to corroborate Joffrey's claim that he was the victim of an unprovoked attack?
Who tells Sansa to tell the truth?
Who orders that Arya's direwolf be executed for harming Joffrey?
What is the cause of the death of Arya's direwolf Lady?
Who carries out the execution himself to Sansa's anguish?
Where does Sansa dine?
Why did Eddard buy Sansa a doll?
Who did Eddard explain to Arya that Sansa could not defy?
Who killed Sansa's grandfather and uncle?
Who is Sansa fearful of not being able to give Joffrey sons?
Who was killed at the Hand's tournament?
Who burned the face of the Hound when they were very young?
Who is Joffrey's bodyguard?
Who does Sansa cheer for?
Who is sitting behind Sansa?
Who intervenes in Sansa's furious attack?
Who applauds Sandor's actions?
Sansa and Septa Mordane are what?
Who did Joffrey give Sansa a present similar to?
What does Joffrey do to Sansa?
Who suggested that the North must be kept under their control through his marriage to Sansa?
Who told Sansa that he is sending her and Arya back to Winterfell?
What does Sansa do?
What does Sansa refuse to accept?
What does Sansa say Joffrey will be?
What does Arya point out that Joffrey is not a lion?
Who realizes that Joffrey and his siblings are not Robert's true children?
What did Eddard say Sansa and Arya are returning to Winterfell?
Who dies after a hunting accident?
Who betrayed Eddard?
Who is responsible for the slaughter of Eddard's retinue at the Red Keep?
Who tells Sansa to lock herself in their rooms?
Where is Sansa brought to?
Who humiliates Sansa in front of the Royal Court?
What did Sansa insist that she was humiliated by Joffrey?
Who says that she will believe Sansa is loyal on the condition that Robb asks him to bend the knee and swear fealty
Where does Robb marche south to relieve from the Lannister armies?
Who agrees to give Eddard mercy if he admits his wrongdoing?
What does Sansa say about Eddard?
Who did Eddard Stark swear loyalty to?
Who orders to execute her father?
What is Sansa distraught?
Who carries out the execution with the Starks' own family greatsword?
Who has written a song unfavorable to the royal family?
Where are the severed heads of executed criminals mounted?
Who does Joffrey draw Sansa's attention to?
Who forces Sansa to look upon the severed head of her father?
Who did Joffrey tell her that was showing mercy?
Who does Sansa retort about taking Joffrey's head instead?
Who is the Kingsguard's striker?
What does Joffrey tell Sansa about?
Who stops Joffrey and Meryn Trant?
What does Sandor give to her after Joffrey and Meryn leave?
Who is Sansa a captive of?
Where is Sansa a captive of Queen Regent Cersei?
What has Sansa learned to feign loyalty to Joffrey?
Who does Sansa convince her to spare when he attends drunk?
Who is Sansa tormented by?
Who is Sansa's new handmaid?
At what battle did Robb win?
Who intervenes and offers to end her engagement to Joffrey?
Who did Sansa attend for Dorne?
Who is Princess Myrcella Baratheon?
Who mocks Joffrey for crying?
What is Joffrey struck by as the royal party returns to the Red Keep?
Who demands that his guards kill all of the smallfolk present?
Who pursues Sansa as she tries to flee to safety?
Who is in the process of browbeating Joffrey for losing her in the first place?
Who treats Sansa's injuries?
What does Shae say is because Sansa has more than they will ever have?
What did Sansa say she would have given them if she had it?
Shae warns Sansa not to say what?
Who chats after Sansa's first flowering?
What is Sansa nightmare that she is being stabbed by her attackers from the riots?
What does Sansa find bloodied by the onset of her first period?
Who tries to help Sansa conceal the evidence?
Who catches Joffrey's children?
What does Cersei give Sansa advice on?
Who does Cersei tell Sansa not to love?
Where does Baratheon sail his fleet into?
Who is Sansa summoned to the throne room to say goodbye to?
What does Joffrey force Sansa to do?
Where does Shae take refuge?
Who is present to kill Sansa if the walls are breached?
Who advises Sansa to use her sexuality as a weapon?
Who tries to keep the morale of the women up with prayers and singing?
What does Sansa try to keep the morale of the women up with?
Who tells Sansa to return to her chambers and bar her door to keep her safe?
Who is waiting for Sansa to be rescued by Stannis?
Where is Sandor going?
What does Sandor warn Sansa that all men are?
Who led Stannis's force?
Who doles out rewards to Sansa?
Petyr Baelish is made what?
Who does Tyrell ask Joffrey to marry?
Who looks at Sansa deviously?
Who did Sansa revel in?
Who suggested Joffrey set Sansa aside because of her family's treachery?
What does Joffrey accept?
Who says that he will adore Sansa until his last day?
What did Sansa allow herself once she has privacy?
Who warns Sansa of her lack of protection?
Who is Sansa's queen?
What does Petyr remind Sansa of?
What does Sansa do to trust him?
What does Sansa debate about?
Who is uninterested in the game?
Why does Sansa tell Shae that she enjoys the game?
Who tells Shae that she enjoys the game because the truth is either terrible or boring?
What is Sansa's opinion about the idea of truth?
Who do Sansa confide in?
Shae warns that what is manipulative and men usually want one thing from young ladies?
Who escorted Margaery and Olenna Tyrell?
What did Joffrey take her up to the wall and force her to look at?
What does Olenna tell her that Joffrey is a monster?
What does Sansa admit to Joffrey?
Who is Sansa a valuable hostage?
Who becomes the key to the North as the Lady of Winterfell?
Who does Varys suggest that a Tyrell marry Sansa?
Who fills Sansa's head with Highgarden?
Who would never allow Sansa to leave King's Landing?
What does Margaery tell her that Cersei would never allow her to leave King's Landing?
Who does Loras watch with his squire?
Who did the Tyrell plot to keep Loras out of?
Who replies that she will plant the seed of the idea after she and Joffrey are married?
Who does Sansa think will let her go?
Who begins a sexual relationship with his squire?
Who is Olyvar's employer?
Who meets with Sansa?
Why does Littlefinger say they should wait until after Joffrey's wedding?
Who is a master manipulator?
What does Littlefinger call him?
Who informs Cersei of the proposed marriage between Loras and Sansa?
Who arranges for Cersei to marry Loras and Tyrion to marry Sansa?
Who does Sansa fawn over?
What does Loras think there will be when Sansa gives him an expectant look?
What is one subject where Loras and Sansa find common ground?
Who is Sansa told of her engagement to?
Who does Sansa refuse to dismiss?
Why does Tyrion give Shae a carefully coded apology?
Where did Littlefinger's ship depart for the Vale of Arryn?
Who does Sansa walk with?
What does Margaery Tyrell admit to being wed to?
What does Margaery ask Sansa about her sexual interests?
What does Margaery say about Sansa's innocence?
At what event did Tyrion speak with Sansa before their wedding?
What kind of people could Sansa be wed to?
What did Tyrion do to cloak Sansa in Lannister colors?
What does Tyrion ask Sansa to do in the face of humiliation?
Who begins the ceremony as man and wife?
What is a grim and miserable affair between man and wife?
What does Joffrey ask Sansa?
Who protested Sansa's ineffectual protests?
Who ponds that it doesn't matter which Lannister gets her pregnant?
Who does Joffrey say will hold Sansa down?
Who claps his hands and declares it is time for the bedding ceremony?
What did Tyrion do to his nephew if he doesn't stop?
Tywin told Joffrey that his uncle is clearly quite what?
Who takes a visibly relieved Sansa out of the room?
Who does Sansa begin to form a friendship with?
Who is pleased to see that Sansa's bedsheets are unstained as it means that she remains a virgin?
Who is Sansa's new husband?
What is the name of the event that Sansa receives from Tyrion's father?
What does Sansa feel about her mother and brother's death?
What does Sansa remain distraught over the deaths of her mother and brother?
What did Sansa refuse to eat?
Who died in the river?
Where does Sansa excuse herself from the table?
What is the only place Sansa can go where nobody talks to her?
Who watches Sansa in the godswood?
Who gives Sansa a diamond necklace?
Who did Dontos Hollard reveal to Sansa?
What did Dontos Hollard offer to Sansa?
What does Dontos give Sansa?
When does Sansa attend?
What was the second sword re-forged from?
Who was the second sword re-forged from Ice?
What is the name of the book that Sansa is shocked when Tyrion's sword is turned on to Joffrey?
What does Joffrey name his new weapon?
What does Sansa look on in?
Who consoles Sansa during the wedding feast?
Who encourages Sansa to look on the bright side?
Where does Olenna invite Sansa to visit?
Olenna toys with Sansa's hair and whom's necklace in a grandmotherly fashion?
Who plays each king in the War of the Five Kings?
Which king is knocked off by the dwarf playing Joffrey?
What does Sansa look on in?
Who makes a veiled reference to his nephew's cowardice during the Battle of Blackwater?
Who tries to pick up the goblet?
Who does Sansa feel pity for?
Who calls them back and demands Tyrion bring him the cup again?
Who had slipped some poison into Joffrey's cup?
Who gave Olenna a chance to retrieve the poison from Olenna's necklace?
Who encourages Joffrey to leave to save her life?
Who escorts Sansa away from the Purple Wedding?
Who did Dontos take Sansa to?
Who has Dontos killed to guarantee his silence?
Who did Dontos kill?
What did Baelish say Dontos was working solely for?
Who escorts Sansa away from the Purple Wedding?
Who did Dontos take Sansa to?
Who has Dontos killed to guarantee his silence?
Who did Dontos kill?
What did Baelish say Dontos was working solely for?
Where are Sansa and Petyr walking towards?
What does Sansa use the disguise as?
What is Lysa's aunt's name?
Who is Lysa's cousin?
Who offers Sansa a tour of the rest of the Eyrie?
Who did Lysa cry from consummating her marriage to?
How many crates did Petyr bring to Sansa?
Who did Lysa tell Sansa about when she was young?
What does Lysa tell her to do?
What does Lysa turn to to accuse her of having sex with Petyr?
What does Lysa try to assure Lysa of having sex with Petyr?
What does Lysa try to assure Lysa that she is a virgin?
What does Petyr say that Sansa is?
Who is executed after Lysa tells her that she is a virgin?
What does Sansa know about Tyrion?
Where does Petyr Baelish kiss Sansa Stark?
What is the name of the snow castle that Sansa builds?
Who does Sansa Stark have a short-lived friendly conversation with before she snaps at him for ruining her snow castle?
Who is running back inside after Sansa slaps him?
Who tells him that he had Joffrey killed?
Who is the only woman he ever loved?
What does Lysa witness when he kisses Sansa Stark?
Where does Sansa sit over the open Moon Door?
What does Lysa say about Catelyn?
Who was enraged by Lysa's interest in Sansa?
Who did Lysa tell Lysa that he only loved?
Who is Sansa called to testify before before Baelish can get to her?
From where did Sansa escape?
Who did Sansa tell about her mental instability, jealousy, and death?
Who does Sansa give a stony, almost triumphant gaze?
Who presents Sansa's new wardrobe to?
Who visits Sansa and asks why she lied on his behalf?
What would Sansa want from her if Littlefinger were eliminated?
What type of dress does Sansa wear with a plunging neckline?
Who does Sansa watch practice his swordsmanship with Littlefinger and Yohn Royce?
Who is Sansa still under the alias?
What message does Littlefinger receive?
Who does Robin leave for further training?
Who told Petyr they would be traveling to the Fingers?
Where will Sansa be safe from?
Where do Sansa and Baelish stop?
Who is off-guard in Sansa's episode?
What does Baelish say doesn't apply to Sansa?
What does Brienne appear to appear before she declares herself for Sansa?
What does Baelish doubt that Sansa would want to let both of Renly's masters die?
What event did Brienne appear at?
Who does Sansa reject?
Where do Sansa and Baelish return to?
Who is the recently legitimized son of Roose Bolton?
What does Baelish claim will be an opportunity for Sansa to marry?
Where do Sansa and Baelish return to?
Who is the recently legitimized son of Roose Bolton?
What does Baelish claim will be an opportunity for Sansa to marry?
Where does Sansa visit the Stark family crypts?
Who is Sansa's long-dead aunt?
Who gave Lyanna a crown of flowers blue as frost?
Where has Sansa been recalled?
Where will Stannis need a Stark?
What does Littlefinger believe Stannis will declare Sansa?
Who is already betrothed to Sansa?
Who is Sansa's maid?
What does Sansa tell her to light in the highest window of the Broken Tower if she's ever in trouble?
Where does Sansa run into as she wanders around the castle?
What did Myranda talk to Sansa about?
Where was Sansa's family still living?
Who is asleep in the kennels?
What does Sansa call Reek?
What does Theon warn Sansa of?
Who is in such a pitiable condition?
Who do Sansa dine with at dinner?
Who mutters an apology to Sansa for murdering Bran and Rickon?
Who is the closest thing Sansa has to kin?
Who announces Walda's pregnancy?
What is the name of the third unseen girl who Ramsay murdered for sport?
Who did Ramsay kill?
How does Myranda tell Myranda she is a Stark of Winterfell?
Who is Sansa wed to?
Who will punish Ramsay if she doesn't?
What does Theon ask Sansa to do?
Who officiated Ramsay's wedding ceremony?
What does Sansa take Ramsay as?
Who did Ramsay first interrogate Sansa about her virginity and her marriage to?
Who turns to leave but Ramsay tells him he must stay?
What does Ramsay say about Sansa's hesitancy?
What does Ramsay do to Sansa?
Who is visibly distraught and begins silently crying himself as Ramsay proceeds to rape Sansa?
What did Ramsay leave on Sansa's arms and body?
Who keeps Sansa locked in her bedchamber?
Who brings her breakfast to Sansa?
Who reminds Sansa that Ramsay is Ramsay's wife?
Who warns Sansa that Ramsay hurts her every night?
What did Ramsay do when he tries to flee?
What do Sansa tell Reek that Ramsay can still redeem himself by lighting in the broken tower?
Who is the only surviving son of Balon Greyjoy?
Theon Greyjoy is the only surviving son of who?
What did Ramsay gloat that one day he will be?
Who legitimized Ramsay?
What is Jon's role in the Night's Watch?
Who reported the candle to Sansa?
What does Ramsay force Sansa to do?
Where is Sansa ordered to view her maid's corpse?
Who were the two brothers that Theon reveals to Sansa that they were alive?
What did Theon tell Sansa about?
What did Ramsay do to Sansa as he did terrible things?
How many farm boys did Theon admit they were not Bran and Rickon?
What kind of anger does Sansa feel about Theon's betrayal?
What happens when Sansa asks if Ramsay knows where they might have gone to?
What does Sansa feel about the revelation that she has more surviving family left?
Who were the two brothers that Theon reveals to Sansa that they were alive?
What did Theon tell Sansa about?
What did Ramsay do to Sansa as he did terrible things?
How many farm boys did Theon admit they were not Bran and Rickon?
What kind of anger does Sansa feel about Theon's betrayal?
What happens when Sansa asks if Ramsay knows where they might have gone to?
What does Sansa feel about the revelation that she has more surviving family left?
What do Theon and Sansa prepare to do?
Who briefly lowers her arrow and admits Ramsay needs her alive to secure his hold on the North?
Who doesn't need Sansa in one piece?
What happens to Myranda's arrow?
Who grabs Myranda before she can release it?
Where do Theon and Sansa escape by jumping off the side of Winterfell's walls?
Where did Sansa escape from?
Who hugs Sansa to keep her warm?
Who finds the Bolton men and hounds?
Who is the half-brother of Theon's half-brother?
Who does Sansa refuse to leave behind to the Boltons?
Who fight off the Boltons?
What does Brienne offer her service to Sansa?
Where did Sansa escape from?
Who hugs Sansa to keep her warm?
Who finds the Bolton men and hounds?
Who is the half-brother of Theon's half-brother?
Who does Sansa refuse to leave behind to the Boltons?
Who fight off the Boltons?
What does Brienne offer her service to Sansa?
Where do Sansa, Brienne, and Podrick arrive?
What happens to both Sansa and Brienne?
What did Sansa reminisce about?
Who does Sansa apologize to for her dismissive treatment of Winterfell?
What does Sansa say the only place they can go now is?
What does Sansa ask for to help her reclaim their home from the Boltons?
What does Jon tell her that he had done nothing but fight since he left Winterfell?
What does Sansa say she will reclaim Winterfell and the North?
Who do Sansa and Jon share a meal with?
What prisoner does Ramsay have at Winterfell?
What is the name of the letter Ramsay signs?
What does Tormund demand they fight to reclaim?
How many men and women are in shape to fight?
What does Sansa say the houses of the North will unite behind him?
Who does Jon agree to take Ramsay down?
Who asks Sansa to meet in Mole's Town?
Who is Petyr's name?
What has Brynden recaptured?
Who does Sansa refuse help from?
What does Sansa say she has?
What does Petyr add to her brother's army?
Where is the war meeting held?
Who did the Karstarks and Umbers have already sided with?
What is the name of the house that Sansa tells him to add to the list?
Where did Sansa send Brienne to?
What is Brienne worried about?
What does Sansa assure Brienne that Jon will keep her safe?
Who did Brienne tell Jon about meeting with?
What did Sansa give Jon before riding south?
Where do Sansa and Jon arrive?
Where did House Mormont pledge themselves to?
What does Lyanna say he is?
What did Sansa say she did?
Who was Lyanna's uncle?
How many men are contributed to the White Walkers?
Who does House Stark try to recruit?
Who has just reclaimed Deepwood Motte from the ironborn?
Who fails to bring him around?
What do Sansa tell Robett that are pledged to House Stark?
Who did Robett pledge to fight for?
How many Northern houses are Sansa and Jon able to recruit?
What does Jon say they should strike before Ramsay can gather more men?
Where do Sansa and Jon go to to try and persuade Lord Cerwyn?
Who writes a letter to an unknown party?
Who is Sansa at the parley with?
What does Ramsay do to Sansa?
Who is Sansa's younger brother?
Who is Rickon's direwolf?
What does Sansa tell the Starks to do if they want to save Rickon?
Who did Jon discuss his battle plans with?
What does Jon agree with?
Who does Sansa warn Jon that he won't fall into Jon's trap?
What does Jon say to Ramsay Bolton?
Jon asks how do they get back to Ramsay Bolton?
Who wants Rickon to make a mistake?
Who asks Jon what he should do differently?
What does Sansa tell Jon that if Ramsay wins?
What does Jon cynically say about Sansa?
Who kills Rickon in the Battle of the Bastards?
Where does Sansa arrive?
What is heard in the distance during the Battle of the Bastards?
Who helped Jon and his army reclaim Winterfell?
What forces run down the Vale forces?
Who kills Rickon in the Battle of the Bastards?
Where does Sansa arrive?
What is heard in the distance during the Battle of the Bastards?
Who helped Jon and his army reclaim Winterfell?
What forces run down the Vale forces?
Who is exiled from the Citadel?
What do Sansa tell Melisandre that he is having prepared for her?
What does Jon say to his sister?
What was Sansa's name?
What does Jon ask her about?
What did Sansa apologize for not telling him about?
What did Sansa know about the Knights of the Vale?
What does Jon say about the Knights of the Vale?
Who arrived from the Citadel?
What does Jon return to her as she tells Jon that a white raven arrived from the Citadel?
Who is exiled from the Citadel?
What do Sansa tell Melisandre that he is having prepared for her?
What does Jon say to his sister?
What was Sansa's name?
What does Jon ask her about?
What did Sansa apologize for not telling him about?
What did Sansa know about the Knights of the Vale?
What does Jon say about the Knights of the Vale?
Who arrived from the Citadel?
What does Jon return to her as she tells Jon that a white raven arrived from the Citadel?
Where do the Vale Lords arrive to discuss the new situation in the North?
Who responds that the wildlings were invited to Winterfell?
Who warns the lords that the war is not over?
What does Jon warn the lords of the North and the Vale that the true enemy won't wait out the storm?
Who chastises the assembled Northmen for refusing House Stark's call in their greatest hour of need?
Who remembers and says, The North remembers?
What is the name of the King in the North?
Who is the King in the North?
Who was Jon's brother before him?
Who acclaims Jon as the King in the North?
Who acclaim Jon as the King in the North?
Who is the only other person not cheering?
Where did Sansa meet at?
Who did Jon organize the North's defense against?
Who does Jon ask to man the Wall at Eastwatch-by-the-Sea?
Who did the Umbers and Karstarks fight against?
What does Jon say the children of Houses Umber and Karstark cannot be held accountable for?
Who disputes Sansa's decision in front of Jon's bannermen?
Who pledge fealty to House Stark?
Who tells Sansa that her public doing so in front of the Northern lords and ladies undermines his authority with them?
Who did Sansa implores Jon not to repeat the past mistakes of?
Who asked Jon to bend the knee?
Who did Sansa learn a lot from during her time at King's Landing?
Who tells Sansa that her public doing so in front of the Northern lords and ladies undermines his authority with them?
Who did Sansa implores Jon not to repeat the past mistakes of?
Who asked Jon to bend the knee?
Who did Sansa learn a lot from during her time at King's Landing?
Who did Tyrion ask Jon to meet on Dragonstone?
What did Sansa worry about the letter's legitimacy?
What did he read from Tyrion's first meeting with Daenerys Targaryen?
Who asks Sansa for her opinion?
Who was not like the other Lannisters?
Who did Daenerys' faction only want to forge an alliance against?
How many dragons did Davos say would prove indispensable in their battle against the White Walkers?
Who confirmed a large supply of dragonglass on Dragonstone?
Where was Samwell Tarly's letter confirming a large supply of dragonglass?
What was Jon's grandfather invited to see at the cost of his own life?
What does Daenerys want to reclaim?
Who believes Daenerys is a good man?
What battles did Sansa bid Jon farewell from?
Who disagrees with Sansa's decision?
Where did Sansa tell Jon to send an emissary to?
What does Jon know about the army of the dead?
Who gives Sansa control of the North while he is gone?
What does Jon do as he leaves the North?
Who did Sansa and Petyr Baelish learn from?
What does Sansa realize for the coming winter?
What does Petyr Baelish advocate for?
Who orders Sansa to see that the armor made for their armies are outfitted with leather to keep warm?
What threat did Baelish and Sansa talk about while walking?
Who urges Sansa to fight every battle?
Who is Sansa reunited with?
Where do Sansa and Bran retreat after a tearful reunion?
Who does Bran need to speak to?
Who is the last trueborn son of Bran?
What does Sansa remain as?
Why is Sansa confused with the prospect of being the Lady of Winterfell?
Who did Bran describe the night of Sansa's marriage to?
In what way does Sansa walk away?
Who did the guards reveal that Arya asked for?
Who knows where Arya has gone?
Where is Arya's father looking over?
What is the first thing that has happened to both of them in the past few years?
What does Sansa Lady Stark insist on?
What does Sansa Lady Stark do?
Who left Arya in charge of Arya?
What do the reunited sisters look sadly on?
Who says it doesn't really look like him?
Who does Sansa acknowledge is dead?
What does Arya point out about everyone who knew his face is dead?
Who did Sansa kill?
What did Sansa explain to Arya about Joffrey?
What did Arya say he was at the top of her list?
What did Arya say she was keeping a list of everyone she was going to kill?
Who did Sansa ask about getting back to Sansa?
What did Sansa say her own road wasn't?
What did Sansa say her own road wasn't pleasant?
Who is home to Arya?
Where does Sansa bring Arya to Bran?
Who hugs Bran?
Where did Bran see Arya?
What type of person is Arya?
Where did Bran think Arya was going to?
What does Sansa ask Arya?
What is the name of Arya's name?
Who gave the Valyrian steel dagger to Bran?
What is the priceless blade of a common cutthroat?
Who did Bran say wanted him dead?
Who is Sansa mistrustful of?
What does Bran say is because he doesn't want it?
What does Bran say Arya can have?
What does Sansa look down?
How many of the remaining Stark children do Sansa, Bran, and Arya have?
Who watch on silently from the walkway above as Arya and Brienne?
What kind of training did Arya use to outmaneuver Brienne?
What does each of Arya and Littlefinger hold at the other's throat?
Who takes her leave of Brienne?
Where does Sansa oversee a meeting of the Northern lords?
Who propose that Sansa take power in the absence of her half-brother Jon?
Who is the true ruler of the Northern lords?
Who did Sansa confide her frustration in the Northern lords?
What does Arya think she should not let the Northern lords get away with?
Who does Sansa disagree with?
Who tells Sansa to admit that she is harbouring thoughts of permanently ruling Winterfell if Jon doesn't return?
What does Arya believe she has to do if Jon doesn't return to the Northern lords?
Who did Robb ask Sansa to bend the knee to?
Who forced Sansa to do it under duress?
Who counters that she was not tortured and that she saw Sansa at their father's execution?
Where did Sansa return to because of their father's death?
Who saved Jon from defeat?
Who was Arya's younger sister?
Who understands the difficult circumstances Sansa was under when she wrote the letter?
Who is younger than Sansa when she wrote the letter?
What does Arya say she prefers to embrace over fear?
Who did Sansa ask Petyr about where Arya got the letter from?
Who does Sansa tell Petyr that she is commanding men who answer to?
answer the men will trust her because she can rule
What does Petyr tell Sansa?
Who does Sansa not trust?
What does Sansa counter that the discovery of the letter will turn against her?
What does Sansa confide in Petyr about her relationship with Arya?
Who does Petyr suggest that Sansa talk with?
Who does Sansa accept?
Who did Maester Wolkan send to Sansa?
Who advises Sansa not to leave Winterfell?
Who is Brienne's representative?
Who does Brienne tell Brienne that it is too dangerous for her to leave Sansa alone at Winterfell?
Who might be bribing Sansa's guards and men behind her back?
Who does Brienne offer to leave her squire?
Who was the late face of Sansa?
What does Arya catch her sister through her personal effects?
What does Arya do when she tells Arya that her men are loyal to her?
Who did Arya get the faces from?
Who is the rightful King?
What does Sansa demand that Arya tell Arya?
When did Arya say they always aspired to be other people?
What did Sansa want to be?
How many of Sansa's people got what they wanted?
What does Arya say about the faces of Sansa?
What does Arya muses at the prospect of becoming?
What does Arya leave a disturbed Sansa alone with?
Who did Sansa and Petyr discuss Jon's decision to bend the knee to?
Who did Sansa feel betrayed by?
What is the name of Arya's role?
Who visits Bran to prove Petyr's ultimate guilt in the War of the Five Kings?
What does Sansa learn about Petyr's ultimate guilt in the War of the Five Kings?
Who was killed in the War of the Five Kings?
What does Sansa turn the tables on?
Who turns the tables on Petyr?
Who is Sansa with when Arya is brought into the Great Hall?
What charges do Sansa read before Sansa addresses him directly?
Who did Cersei and Joffrey conspire with to imprison and execute?
What does Sansa presides over?
What does Sansa do by Petyr's begging?
Who slits Petyr's throat?
Who did Sansa confide in Arya?
Who concedes that she couldn't have survived what Sansa survived?
Who did Arya and Sansa remember about looking out for one another?
Who fly overhead as the Stark and Targaryen forces march towards the castle?
Who is lurking somewhere when Jon notices her absence?
Who is the Lady of Winterfell?
Where does Sansa sit?
Who does Tyrion try to calm those present who are displeased at Jon bending the knee to?
How does Sansa undercut Tyrion?
What does Daenerys ask when she sarcastically asks?
When did Sansa last meet Tyrion?
Who did Tyrion believe will honor the pledge to send the Lannister forces north?
Who did Sansa think was the cleverest man she ever met?
Where will Robett Glover remain with his troops?
Who did Sansa express her disapproval of Jon giving up his crown to?
Who does Jon say titles don't matter in the face of?
Why does Sansa ask Jon to give up his crown to Daenerys?
Where is Jaime seated with Jon and Daenerys?
Why do Jon and Daenerys berate Jaime?
Who vouches for Jaime?
Who does Dany and Sansa discuss?
Who is Jon's love for?
Who is Jon's love for?
Who will never truly accept an outsider as their ruler again?
Who announces the arrival of Theon and his men?
Who asks Sansa permission to stand with the Starks against the army of the dead?
Where are the two seen having a meal?
Where do Arya and Sansa observe?
What does Arya give Sansa?
Who gave Arya Needle: Stick 'em with the pointy end?
Who is restless about not being able to help?
Who took the offence to Daenerys?
Where is the Night King housed?
What does the Night King do in Winterfell's crypts?
Who gave the dragonglass dagger to Sansa?
Who kisses Arya's hand as if in farewell?
Who slays the Night King in the godswood?
Who did Arya slay in the godswood?
Who makes their way out of the crypt to survey what remains?
Who did Sansa mourn?
What is the name of the pyre that Sansa lays on Theon's body?
Who is seated at the table where Sansa mourns Winterfell's fallen?
Who reminds Sansa that she could have been spared many horrors if she left with him?
Who thought Sansa was ignorant of the cruelty of the world and unable to fend for herself?
Who reminds Sansa that she could have been spared many horrors if she left with him?
Who thought Sansa was ignorant of the cruelty of the world and unable to fend for herself?
What did Tyrion look at in the sky?
What does Tyrion ask her to do with Daenerys' dragons?
What does Tyrion say about Daenerys?
Who notes Sansa's dislike of Daenerys?
Who is Jon?
What does Tyrion realize when he asks Sansa to look at Daenerys?
Who won't be spending much time in the North from now on?
Who seems to have everything she needs?
What does Sansa realize when Tyrion urges Sansa not to provoke Daenerys?
What does Tyrion do when she asks Tyrion not to provoke Daenerys?
What does Tyrion say Jon once told him he's not a Stark?
What did Tyrion ask for to convince Sansa of Daenerys?
What does Tyrion try to convince Sansa of?
What is the name of the throne that Sansa tells Tyrion that there is someone better for?
Who was killed in the ambush on the Targaryen fleet?
Who is captured in the Targaryen fleet in which Rhaegal was killed?
Who does Missandei tell her she wanted to see his sister executed?
Where is Sansa crowned Queen in the North?
Where does Sansa attend a great council?
Who is Bran elected as?
Who is Jon sentenced to rejoin?
Where does Sansa return to after saying goodbye to her siblings?
Where did Sansa live with her family?
Who was Sansa's younger sister?
What did Sansa believe in the tales and epic romances?
Who was Sansa infatuated with?
What did the noblewomen eat while gossiping about the goings-on at court?
What made Sansa vulnerable to the manipulations of the Lannisters?
What was Cersei's belief that all queens and princes are kind and truthful?
Who did Cersei beheaded before her eyes?
What did the psychopathic Joffrey have publicly beaten by his guards for?
Who was killed at the Red Wedding?
Who were still alive in Sansa's life?
What was Jon's role?
Where did Sansa escape to the Vale with Littlefinger?
Who did Sansa escape King's Landing to the Vale?
What did Sansa learn from painful experience to survive at Joffrey's court?
What does Sansa begin to mature into?
What did the crimes against her and her family have turned her more ruthless?
When does Theon come to the Godswood to marry Ramsay?
What is the name of Theon?
Who feeds Ramsay to his own hounds?
Who did Sansa try to reach out to after Theon admits he did not kill Bran and Rickon?
Who helps Sansa escape from Winterfell?
What does Sansa do for being awful when they were children?
Who did Sansa face for the last time prior to her escape from Winterfell?
What does Sansa develop when she faces Myranda for the last time prior to her escape from Winterfell?
What did Sansa's sufferings make her more war-like?
Who did Sansa reject Ramsay's conditions for saving her brother?
What does Sansa's experiences with the Lannisters have enabled her to watch in grim satisfaction?
Where did Sansa see the violence when she first arrived?
Who is Sansa effective as?
Why does Sansa experience a development in the relationships with her surviving siblings when they are reunited?
What do Sansa and Jon love when they are reunited?
What does Sansa want to do with Jon?
Who is a protective older brother to Sansa?
What did Sansa and Arya experience after their reunion in Season?
What are the strengths of Arya and Sansa?
What do Sansa and Arya develop a new closeness as by the end of Season?
What is the name of the Raven that Sansa has undergone as a result of being reunited with Bran?
Who is the Three-Eyed Raven?
In what novel does Sansa enjoy traditional ladylike pursuits?
Who taught Sansa to play the High harp?
What does Sansa have a romantic notion of fighting honorably for love and loyalty?
Who is Sansa's younger sister?
In what novel does Sansa enjoy traditional ladylike pursuits?
Who taught Sansa to play the High harp?
What does Sansa have a romantic notion of fighting honorably for love and loyalty?
Who is Sansa's younger sister?
Who is Sansa's protector from Joffrey?
Who is Sandor Clegane's protector?
What is the name of Sansa?
Where was Sansa held?
What did Sansa do in the books?
Who did Eddard give Sansa any explanation for why he wanted to send her away from?
What did Sansa think she would do if she told Cersei she would smooth over their disagreements?
Who did Eddard put his trust in to Cersei?
Who knew what Eddard planned to do and had time to prepare counter-measures?
What does Sansa use as an armor?
What is the name of the Kingsguard?
Who prevents something worse?
Who was the new King in the North?
Where is Sansa held?
Where is Sansa held as a prisoner at King Joffrey's court?
Who refuses to acknowledge the North's claims of independence?
Why does Sansa not refer to herself as princess?
Who is in the Northern camp discussing Sansa's captivity?
What does Sansa do in the show?
What does Shae sometimes give Sansa?
Who is Shae's lover?
Who takes her first to his ancestral home at the Fingers?
Where did Littlefinger escape from?
Who did Littlefinger reveal Sansa part of the scheme to murder?
Who is Littlefinger's bastard daughter?
What is the name of Sansa in the second POV chapter of A Feast for Crows?
What is the name of the niece of Petyr?
What does Sansa know Littlefinger is?
What was the name of the two people killed by Jon Arryn?
Who did Lysa accuse Sansa of seducing?
What did Lysa think would let her go?
Who saves Sansa?
Who's death did Sansa become full of confidence overnight?
Who did Sansa lie to the lords about Lysa's death at her own behest?
What does Yohn Royce do if he recognizes Lysa?
What does Sansa become as the protg of Littlefinger during her time in the Vale?
What is the difference between Littlefinger and Littlefinger?
What are Littlefinger's manipulations of?
What does Sansa become as the protg of Littlefinger during her time in the Vale?
What is the difference between Littlefinger and Littlefinger?
What are Littlefinger's manipulations of?
What is Robert Arryn called in the show?
Who had more spine than Robert Arryn?
What does Sansa do after Lysa's death?
How many lemon cakes does Robert Arryn demand?
What did Robert initially declare he hated her for?
Why does Sansa try to nuzzle at her breasts and wet the bed during his seizures?
Who does Robert tell Robert she should marry him?
What do Sansa must wed as the Lord of the Eyrie and Defender of the Vale?
Who suggested a tourney between Sansa and Harrold Hardyng?
Who was comely but a monster, but Tyrion was unattractive but kind to her?
Who calls her Littlefinger's bastard?
What did Littlefinger instruct Harrold to do?
What does Sansa ask about to test his honesty?
What does Harrold refuse to wear in the tourney?
What story did Sansa's arc diverge significantly from that in the books?
Who does Littlefinger arrange for Sansa to marry?
Who is Robert Arryn's presumptive heir?
Who is Robert Arryn's presumptive heir?
What does Littlefinger plan to do to Sansa?
Who will rule the North at that time?
What is the name of Sansa's best friend Jeyne Poole?
Who plays Sansa's storyline in season five?
Who offers Jeyne her help if she needs it?
Who infiltrates Winterfell as a bard?
Who is Sansa married to in the show?
Who is the elder of Robert's bastards?
Who did Sansa believe herself the last of the Starks?
Who died in the Red Wedding?
Who did Sansa presume to have died?
What is Sansa's fifth novel?
Who offered to wed Sansa?
What is Sansa's fifth novel?
Who offered to wed Sansa?
What is Sansa pronounced between San-suh and Sohn-suh?
Who is Sansa pronounced SAHN-suh?
What will women retain if their family is more powerful or ancient than their husband's?
What will women retain if their family is more powerful or ancient than their husband's?
What happens when a noblewoman marries above her station into a more powerful family?
Who was born Olenna Redwyne?
What would a noblewoman who married below her station continue to use the name of the more prestigious family she was born into?
Who were the Great Houses of equal social rank?
Who forced Sansa into a marriage to a similarly unwilling husband?
What type of marriage did the Starks and Lannisters have?
Why are both Sansa and Tyrion wanted for regicide and far away from each other?
What do the books do not specify the requirements for an annulment?
Why is it unclear how difficult it will be to annul the marriage?
Who did Littlefinger reveal his plans to marry Sansa to?
Who is Sansa's marriage to?
What does Littlefinger say Sansa knows her marriage can be annulled?
Who does Littlefinger assure that Sansa's marriage is valid?
What is the name of the disguise that Sansa could get married as?
What is the third novel of Sansa?
What was the castle built of?
What is the first past of the prophecy?
What is the third novel of Sansa?
What was the castle built of?
What is the first past of the prophecy?
What type of TV Recommendations do Daenerys TargaryenRhaegar TargaryenSansa Stark
Who is the younger brother of Lord Tyrion Lannister?
Who is the youngest child of Lord Tywin Lannister?
What is the name of the dwarf who uses his wit and intellect to overcome the prejudice he faces?
Who is the current Lord of Casterly Rock and Hand of the King?
Who died giving birth to Tyrion?
Who blame Tyrion's mother for giving birth?
Who died giving birth to Tyrion?
What names does Tyrion try to embrace to keep his self esteem up?
What was Tyrion's birthright as a Lannister?
Who did Tyrion attempt to rape when he was sixteen?
Who did Tyrion help when Tyrion interrupted the attempted rape of a wheelwright's daughter?
Where did Tyrion help Tysha get married?
Who paid Tysha to service every one of Tyrion's guards while Tyrion watched?
What did Jaime confess to helping Tyrion?
How many siblings occupied positions of power at Casterly Rock?
Where did Tyrion spend a lot of time in court?
Who was his niece Myrcella and nephew Tommen?
Who did Cersei marry?
Where does Tyrion visit upon his arrival in Winterfell?
Who is Jon Snow's bastard son?
What are all dwarfs in their father's eyes?
What is Tyrion's fondness for?
Who refuses to pay his respects to Lord and Lady Stark after Bran's fall?
Who did Prince Joffrey refuse to pay his respects to after Bran's fall?
What does Tyrion do with his family after Bran's fall?
What did Tyrion take interest in Bran's fall?
On what road does Tyrion travel to?
How is Tyrion rendered after reaching the Wall?
Who does Tyrion observe during his stay?
Who ask Tyrion to use his influence to recruit more men for the Night's Watch?
What does Tyrion believe in danger beyond the Wall?
Who speaks with Bran?
Who ambushed Tyrion at the Crossroads Inn?
Who does Tyrion defend his innocence?
Who accompanies Catelyn to the Eyrie?
Who attacked Catelyn?
Who warns Tyrion that her sister Lysa has become irrational with grief and will try to kill him?
Who is Catelyn's sister?
Lysa accuses Tyrion of conspiring in who's death?
What are the Eyrie's sky-cells?
What does Tyrion confess to being?
Who is Tyrion's gaoler?
Who does Bronn kill?
Where does Bronn accompanies Ser Vardis Egen?
Who does Tyrion establish ground rules with?
Who is the leader of the hill tribes?
What did Tyrion offer to help the hill tribes conquer?
What does Shagga say if Tyrion tries to renege on his promise he will cut off his manhood and feed it
Who's forces have been attacking Catelyn's home since she arrested Tyrion?
Who does Tywin Lannister explain to?
Who is leading an army to war?
Who does Tyrion warn his father that should not be underestimated?
What does Tywin agree to?
Who says the hill tribes will only fight if Tyrion is with them on the field?
Who's forces have been attacking Catelyn's home since she arrested Tyrion?
Who does Tywin Lannister explain to?
Who is leading an army to war?
Who does Tyrion warn his father that should not be underestimated?
What does Tywin agree to?
Who says the hill tribes will only fight if Tyrion is with them on the field?
Where does Tyrion lead the hill tribes into battle?
Who finds Tyrion after the battle?
Where does the Northern army regroup for an attack on?
What did Stannis and Renly Baratheon claim?
Where does Tywin retreat to?
Who was killed by Joffrey?
What does Tywin try to try to keep Joffrey in line and execute any of the small council members if they try anything?
Who does Tyrion ask to come to King's Landing with him?
Who accompany Tyrion to King's Landing?
What role does Tyrion assume to Joffrey Baratheon?
Who was Tyrion's sister?
Who could have been useful to bargain for the return of Jaime?
Where does Tyrion hide Shae?
What makes Shae want to fuck?
Who is trying to convince Shae that he is truthful in comparison to?
Who did Tyrion deny Shae's honor?
What does Tyrion say he will make changes during his tenure as Hand of the King to Shae?
Who discovers Shae's presence?
Who asked Tyrion for aid from the throne?
Who was Robb Stark's cousin?
Who does Tyrion invite for dinner?
Who is exiled to the Wall?
Who does Tyrion arrange for to serve as a handmaiden to Sansa Stark?
Who did Tyrion feed them varying plans for marriage alliances?
Where is Myrcella sent to?
Who is thrown into the black cells for revealing the information given only to Tyrion?
Who congratulates Tyrion for the ploy to lure out the Queen's informant?
Who confronts Tyrion for being unwittingly involved in the ruse?
In what battle did Joffrey beat Sansa?
Who did Tyrion warn Joffrey to consider his actions more carefully?
Who does Tyrion escort out of the throne room?
Who suggested that Joffrey would benefit from sexual release?
Who arranges for two whores for his nephew?
Who visits Tyrion to demand the release of Pycelle on Cersei's behalf?
What does Tyrion note about his sexual relationship with Cersei?
Tyrion uses the information to blackmail Lancel?
Who died to Cersei?
Who did Tyrion believe was the imminent attack of Renly Baratheon?
What does Stannis Baratheon insist on?
Who is the Alchemists' Guild?
Who does Tyrion visit to learn that the guild have stockpiled thousands of jars of Wildfire to use as catapult ammunition?
Why does Bronn see this strategy as potentially disastrous?
Who does Tyrion order to answer to him instead of Cersei?
answer Joffrey
Who does the people believe Hallyne is manipulating?
Where do the court gather for Princess Myrcella's departure?
What do Cersei threaten to deprive Tyrion of someone he loves?
What is the name of the starving crowd that confronts Cersei as they return to the Red Keep?
Who does Tyrion order a guard to escort back to the Keep?
Who is hit by thrown excrement and triggers a riot?
Who is torn to pieces by the famished crowd?
What does Tyrion do to the High Septon?
What does Tyrion call Joffrey?
Who slaps Tyrion when he refuses to listen to the criticism?
Who does Tyrion order to retrieve the missing Sansa?
Who brings Princess Myrcella to safety?
Who confesses that Joffrey's viciousness might be the price she pays for her sin of incest with Jaime?
Cersei believes what might be the price she pays for her sin of incest with Jaime?
Which two sisters are kind and gentle?
How long is Stannis' fleet?
Who warns that the grim realities of a siege cannot be understood from reading?
Where does Tyrion believe Stannis will attack?
Who does Varys warn of Daenerys Targaryen?
How many dragons does Daenerys Targaryen have?
What does Tyrion prefer to do after Joffrey leaves?
What did Cersei suspect Tyrion of?
What pendant did Tyrion give Cersei?
Who was kidnapped as insurance against Tyrion?
Where is Stannis spotted?
What does Tyrion fear about Ros?
Who does Tyrion promise to revenge on Shae?
What did Tyrion say to Cersei?
Who armors Tyrion for battle?
What does Varys provide him with?
Who tells Tyrion that he is all that stands between them and defeat?
Who is Shae's maid?
What does Tyrion smile at to Joffrey?
When does Tyrion lead the defense of King's Landing?
What does Tyrion do to destroy a large portion of the attacking fleet?
Who signals Tyrion to detonate the Wildfire using a flaming arrow?
Who landed his troops further out in the bay to avoid the devastation of the explosion?
Who did the King leave to fight in his name?
What is Tyrion faced with from his troops?
What did Tyrion destroy during a sortie through the tunnels under the city?
Who wounded Tyrion?
Who kills Tyrion with a spear before he can finish off?
What is the name of the reinforcements that are led by a man wearing Renly's armor?
Who is the victors of Lannister-Tyrell?
Who is looming over Tyrion?
Who informs Tyrion that he has been relieved as Acting Hand of the King?
What does Tyrion reject?
Who summons Varys and Bronn?
Who did Varys tell Tyrion that his leadership was key to saving the city?
Bronn has been relieved of what?
What does Tyrion show Shae?
Who leaves Tyrion's bandages alone?
What does Tyrion do?
What does Tyrion say is something that he enjoys and enjoys?
Where does Tyrion choose to stay?
How many Kingsguards did Cersei visit after the Battle of Blackwater?
What did Cersei agree to do to her guards?
Who demands to know how he will slander her to their father?
When did Cersei discover that a servant girl had stolen a necklace?
Who did Tyrion tell their father about the theft of a necklace?
Who says that it isn't slander if it's true?
What does the queen admit to Tyrion?
Who retorts that Tyrion is a great deal more clever than her?
When does Cersei leave to prevent Meryn Trant and Bronn from exchanging blows?
Who did Bronn style himself as of the Blackwater?
What does Ser Bronn possess?
How much did Tyrion pay for Bronn?
Who gave up all rights of inheritance when Tyrion joined the Kingsguard?
Who is Tyrion the next in lawful line of succession?
What did Tywin consider him to be?
What does Tywin warn him that if he catches another whore in his bed he will hang?
Where does Shae sneak into Tyrion's new chambers?
Who threatened to kill Tyrion if he found her with him again?
What does Shae ask Tyrion to protect Sansa from?
Who did Tyrion accuse Shae of being attracted to?
Who did Tyrion have sex with in the North?
What does Tyrion say about having sex with Ros?
Who calls the first meeting of the small council since he arrived in the city?
Where are all of the seats on the small council?
Who will Littlefinger marry?
What does Tywin say he has appointed Tyrion to replace him if Baelish leaves a vacancy on the small council?
What does Tyrion say he has no prior experience in finance?
Who makes it clear that this promotion is intended to give Tyrion an opportunity to make mistakes he will be blamed for?
Who transfers the Master of Coin's documents to Tyrion?
Tyrion notes that his brothel hasn't been the safest place for what?
What did Tyrion say about the release of Ros?
How many prostitutes did Tyrion pay for Podrick?
Who would like the court to think about Littlefinger's money?
Who did Bronn ask if he thinks he was stealing to obtain the crown's money?
What is heavily in debt?
What is the largest bank in the Free Cities?
What does Tyrion warn of when debtors to the Iron Bank cannot repay their loans?
Who did Tyrion and Ser Bronn learn from?
Who returns with the money Tyrion gave him to pay the prostitutes?
Who said he did all sorts of things with the prostitutes?
What kind of notes did Pod and Bronn ask to take?
What was the story of Tyrion traveling through the Free Cities with a party of actors?
Who casts Tyrion?
Who did Varys pries open the box in the room?
Who explains to Tyrion that House Tyrell will support the cost of the wedding between Joffrey and Margaery?
Who did Tywin explain to Sansa Stark to be heir to?
Who is the Lannisters heir to Winterfell?
Who did Tyrion and Cersei consider their forced marriages?
Who did Tyrion employ to kill Tyrion?
Who did Cersei believe might be the culprit?
At what event did Tyrion speak with Sansa before their wedding?
What kind of people could Sansa be wed to?
What did Tyrion do to cloak Sansa in Lannister colors?
What does Tyrion ask Sansa to do in the face of humiliation?
What is the name of the new ceremony that begins as man and wife?
What is a grim and miserable affair between man and wife?
What does Tyrion threaten Joffrey with at the night of their wedding?
What does Tyrion tell Joffrey?
What does Tyrion insist he won't bed her until she wants him to do?
What did Tyrion try to do after his marriage with Sansa?
What would Tyrion punish instead of the harsh reality of political ones?
Who murdered Robb and Catelyn Stark at the Red Wedding?
Who orders Tyrion to thank Frey and send Robb Stark's head to Sansa?
What happens to Tyrion before Pycelle can send any messages to the Twins?
What do Tywin and Tyrion discuss after the end of the meeting?
Who will receive all the credit for the Red Wedding?
Who is Warden of the North until Tywin impregnates Sansa Stark?
What does Tywin teach him about?
What did Tyrion protest?
What did Tywin say he wanted to do when he was born?
Where does Tywin return to?
Who did Cersei inform Tyrion that she won't marry?
What do Cersei ask Tyrion to give Sansa children?
Who did Cersei say she would have killed herself?
Who does Cersei believe he can't take away from her?
Who is Tyrion waiting for to arrive at King's Landing?
What do the Dornishman see coming their way?
What prevents Prince Doran from leaving Sunspear?
When did Oberyn enter the city?
What is the name of the brothels that Tyrion puts together?
What song does Prince Oberyn sing?
Who is Oberyn's paramour?
What did Oberyn tell Tyrion why he came to the capital?
What does Tyrion know he's?
Who wed Elia?
Who brutally murdered Elia's children?
Who are not the only ones who pay their debts?
Who did Tyrion try to comfort Sansa?
How does Tyrion tell Sansa that her brother and mother were good people?
What does Tyrion advise Sansa to do?
Where does Sansa go?
What happens when he returns to his bedchamber?
Who refuses to help Shae?
Who asks if he's really in love with Sansa?
What does Shae ask him if he wants Sansa out of the city?
Who was one of the spies who heard the whole conversation?
Who were the noblemen and women present in King's Landing?
Who is the spy of Tyrion?
Who warns Tyrion that he will not protect Tyrion or Shae?
Who does Tyrion observe at the breakfast?
Where does Tywin request that she be brought to before the wedding?
Who were the reigns of Tyrion?
What sword is given to Tyrion by his grandfather?
What does Tyrion show towards Shae?
What does Tyrion tell Shae that she is to leave and go to live in Pentos?
What does Tyrion say Shae is afraid of his sister and father?
What does Tyrion call Shae?
Who escorts Shae to the docks?
How many dwarfs mockingly re-enacting the War of the Five Kings?
Who does Tyrion instruct to pay each dwarf gold dragon after the show?
Who did Joffrey suggest Tyrion fight at the end of the show?
At what event did Joffrey sarcastically voice awe at Tyrion's skill and bravery?
What kind of undertone is Joffrey Insulted at at the Battle of the Blackwater?
What did Joffrey instruct Tyrion to act as his cupbearer?
Tyrion orders Tyrion to do what?
Who does Tyrion try to leave with?
What does Tyrion give Tyrion?
Who orders Tyrion to be seized and arrested?
Who visits Tyrion?
What did Podrick inform Tyrion of?
What did Tyrion believe Sansa had nothing to do with?
What did Tyrion offer to Pod if he testified against him?
Who leaves King's Landing?
What did Tyrion know about a knighthood if he testified against him?
Where does Tyrion advise Pod to leave?
Who intervened at Tyrion's death?
What did Jaime try to comfort Tyrion?
What did Tyrion say he would do if he did it?
Why does Jaime say he can't kill his brother's son?
Who won't rest until Tyrion is dead?
What does Tyrion believe Sansa is?
Who is the newly-crowned King of the Blackwater?
Who is the presiding judge of Tywin Lannister?
Who has several witnesses testify against Tyrion?
What kind of evidence does Cersei give to Tyrion?
When did Varys tell him that he had saved the city?
What does Varys tell Tyrion?
Who tells Tyrion of Tywin's compromise?
Where will Jaime return as Tywin's heir?
Who wanted Tyrion's death?
Who calls in her last witness Shae?
Who did Shae want to do if he killed the King for her?
What causes Tyrion to lash out at the betrayal?
Who did Tyrion believe he had saved King's Landing from?
Who is Tyrion's son?
What did Tyrion call the trial a farce?
Who demands a trial by Tyrion?
What did the court explode in?
Who does Jaime decline to be Tyrion's champion?
What does Jaime decline to be Tyrion's champion?
Who does Bronn refuse to be in trial by combat?
Who is Bronn to marry in a match arranged by Cersei?
Who did Cersei believe was too dangerous for Bronn to fight the Mountain?
What does Bronn share with Tyrion?
Who was the monster born to?
Where did Cersei visit?
What did Oberyn see to Tyrion?
Who stopped Tyrion?
What does Oberyn tell Tyrion that he seeks justice for his sister's death?
What does Oberyn counter to?
Who is Oberyn's champion in the coming trial by combat?
Where does Jaime visit Tyrion on the day of his trial by combat?
Who is Tyrion's cousin?
How long did Tyrion watch Orson Lannister?
What happens when Jaime says he doesn't know?
What is the Bound in?
What does Tyrion advise Oberyn against before the fight starts?
Who does Oberyn pin to the ground with his spear?
What punishment is Tyrion sentenced to?
Where does Jaime lead Tyrion through?
Who has arranged for Tyrion to escape to the Free Cities?
Who does Varys believe will be the last time they see each other?
What does Jaime leave him with on the cheek?
Where does Tyrion first enter?
Who kills Shae after finding her in Tywin's bed?
What does Shae grab when she spots him?
What does Shae do when she finds her in Tywin's bed?
Who strangles Shae with Tywin's gold chain?
What is the act done in self-defense?
Who does Tyrion take his father's crossbow?
What does Tywin force his father to do?
Who tries to placate Tyrion?
Who stows Tyrion away within a crate upon a ship?
Who is Tyrion brought to in Pentos?
What was Tyrion's goal to restore to the Iron Throne?
Where are Varys and Tyrion located?
Who asked Varys to do for the benefit of the Seven Kingdoms?
What did Varys say his goal was to bring peace and prosperity upon the kingdoms?
Who is the ruler of the Seven Kingdoms?
Who wishes Varys luck on trying to find the right man?
What does Varys say he can do here in Pentos?
Who agrees with Varys after a moment?
Where do Tyrion and Varys depart?
What do Tyrion and Varys remain?
What does Varys say they are traveling to Meereen by way of?
What did Varys point out that Tyrion was an effective ruler when he was acting?
What happened to Tyrion and Varys?
What is Tyrion's attitude to being confined in a box of some sort?
Who has promised a lordship to any man who brings her his head?
Who is going to kill every dwarf in the world in the hope of eventually catching him?
Who walk along the Long Bridge?
What bridge does Tyrion and Varys walk along?
How does Tyrion get through Volantis?
What do Volantene slaves must sport?
What does Varys find him doing?
Who was the only Red Priest in King's Landing?
Where does the Red Priestess evangelize?
What prophesied savior does Tyrion preach?
Who captures Tyrion on a brothel in Volantis?
Who is Varys dressed as?
What happens to Tyrion when he woos a prostitute?
What do Tyrion go to off the side of the bridge?
Who abducted Tyrion?
Who is Tyrion held hostage by?
What did Tyrion do to Jorah?
Where does Tyrion notice that they are traveling east and not west in King's Landing?
Who does Jorah believe he is taking Tyrion to?
What is Tyrion's reaction to Jorah?
Who banished Jorah because she discovered that he was spying on her for Varys?
What does Tyrion believe he will earn a pardon for?
Who strikes Tyrion across the face to keep him quiet?
Who travels through Old Valyria?
Where are Jorah and Tyrion going to pass through?
What is Tyrion excited to see?
What did Tyrion recites a poem about?
Who does Jorah see in the fog?
What did Drogon hear about Drogon?
Who attacked Tyrion?
Where does Jorah rescue Tyrion?
What village does Jorah seek out to acquire another boat?
What has Jorah been infected with?
Who tells Jorah about his father's death?
What do Jorah and Tyrion only have to eat?
What did Tyrion explain to Jorah about his father's death?
Why did Tyrion find his father?
What does Tyrion say about Jeor Mormont?
Who was Jorah's father?
What is Jorah to realize he means that his father is dead?
What does Tyrion become when he says he thought that Jorah knew already?
What did Tyrion say his father led an expedition beyond the Wall?
How does Jorah process his father's death?
Who captures Jorah and Tyrion?
Where are slavers spotted and captured by slavers bound for?
Who deems Tyrion useless and orders his throat cut and his penis removed to be sold to a cock merchant?
Who mentions that Daenerys has re-opened the fighting pits in Meereen?
Who convinces Yezzan to buy Tyrion?
Why does Yezzan buy Tyrion?
What is the name of the small fighting pit that will celebrate the opening of the games?
Who immediately enters the fight in Daznak's pit?
Tyrion reveals himself as what?
Who does Tyrion introduce himself as?
Who explains Tyrion's family tensions to?
Who did Tyrion kill in childbirth?
Who did Daenerys ask Tyrion to do with?
Why did Tyrion convince her to spare him?
Who discussed family and politics?
Why did Tyrion admit he traveled to Meereen?
Who did Tyrion believe was correct in his assessment?
Where did Tyrion claim he was ready to drink himself to death?
What does Daenerys decide to do to Tyrion?
Where does Tyrion suggest that Daenerys stay?
What does Daenerys say she will stay in Meereen to ensure there is no more slavery?
Who declares that the common people will support Daenerys in Westeros?
Who discussed family and politics?
Why did Tyrion admit he traveled to Meereen?
Who did Tyrion believe was correct in his assessment?
Where did Tyrion claim he was ready to drink himself to death?
What does Daenerys decide to do to Tyrion?
Where does Tyrion suggest that Daenerys stay?
What does Daenerys say she will stay in Meereen to ensure there is no more slavery?
Who declares that the common people will support Daenerys in Westeros?
Who discussed family and politics?
Why did Tyrion admit he traveled to Meereen?
Who did Tyrion believe was correct in his assessment?
Where did Tyrion claim he was ready to drink himself to death?
What does Daenerys decide to do to Tyrion?
Where does Tyrion suggest that Daenerys stay?
What does Daenerys say she will stay in Meereen to ensure there is no more slavery?
Who declares that the common people will support Daenerys in Westeros?
Who attacked Daenerys on her dragon?
Who does Tyrion save by killing one of the Sons of the Harpy?
Who enters the pit and sets several Sons ablaze?
When Daenerys flies off on Drogon's back, Tyrion is struck with awe as he watches her fly
Who do Tyrion sit in the throne room with in the aftermath of Daenerys?
Who enforcs Tyrion's rule with the Unsullied and Missandei?
Who flew North?
Who breaks up the argument to convince Tyrion to trust Jorah and allow him to come?
What was Tyrion's time as?
Tyrion watches Daario and Jorah depart Meereen to find what?
What did Varys admit to finding Daenerys?
What did Varys congratulate Tyrion for?
What does Varys allude to in Meereen?
What do Varys vow to help each other hold Meereen together?
What did Tyrion admit he missed Varys?
Tyrion watches Daario and Jorah depart Meereen to find what?
What did Varys admit to finding Daenerys?
What did Varys congratulate Tyrion for?
What does Varys allude to in Meereen?
What do Varys vow to help each other hold Meereen together?
What did Tyrion admit he missed Varys?
Where is Viserion and Rhaegal located?
What does Tyrion believe the dragons are in captivity?
Who asks Tyrion how he knows this?
What does Missandei say about the dragons?
What do Tyrion decide to do to the dragons?
Who do Tyrion encounter for the first time?
Who is Tyrion a friend of?
Who asked Tyrion what he wanted a dragon for his nameday?
Who did Tyrion ask to punch him in the face?
What kind of games does Tyrion try to pass the time with Missandei and Grey Worm?
What do the Masters of Yunkai, Astapor and Volantis fund?
What does Tyrion want to do with the Sons of the Harpy?
Who is the slave-trading city of Astapor?
Grey Worm advocates using what?
How long did Tyrion spend as a slave?
Who is Tyrion's former slave master?
Who is Tyrion?
Who offers to give Daenerys and her allies a large amount of money and ships if they leave Slaver's Bay?
Who claims that slavery has existed in Slaver's Bay for centuries?
What does Tyrion propose to the slave masters?
How long is the time limit for Slaver's Bay?
What do the Sons of the Harpy do regardless of?
What does Tyrion warn the slaves of the Harpy?
What did Tyrion give them at the conclusion of the meeting?
Who confronts Tyrion and his entourage in the Meereen throne room?
Who does a freedman want to know when?
What does Tyrion insist he is doing his best to do?
Who do the freedmen refuse to listen to for reassurance?
What did the freedmen publicly back Tyrion in front of the freedmen?
What does Tyrion assure Missandei and Grey Worm that he is serving Daenerys' interest by taking advantage of the Masters'
Why does Grey Worm warn the slavers to take advantage of Tyrion?
Who did Tyrion have to convince the Meereenese that everything has been done with Daenerys' blessing?
Who is Kinvara?
What did Kinvara believe Daenerys was?
Who promised the same to Stannis Baratheon?
Who shuts Tyrion down with knowledge of his castration?
What does Kinvara assure Tyrion of?
Who is the most famous dwarf in the world?
Who will need more allies?
Who did Tyrion wish to celebrate with for the resurgence of Meereen?
Who lay siege to the city?
Who allows Grey Worm to assume command?
What does Grey Worm prefer to do to the Unsullied?
What do the Unsullied hear when they enter the Great Pyramid?
Who has returned on her dragon Drogon?
Who explains the events in Meereen during Tyrion's absence?
Who is responsible for the siege of Meereen?
Who declares that she will destroy the Masters' armies, kill them all, and destroy their cities?
What was Tyrion's father's plan for when the Lannisters were at his door?
What does Tyrion propose for King's Landing?
Who joins Daenerys?
Where did Missandei and the Unsullied be slaughtered?
Who do Dany orders to burn the slavers' fleet?
Who leads the counterattack on the back of Drogon?
Who does Tyrion order to kill the two slave masters?
What does Tyrion order Grey Worm to kill the two slave masters?
What wipes out the resurgent Sons of the Harpy?
Where is Tyrion present after the battle?
Who did Tyrion mock his height back at?
Who reiterates that Tyrion has paid for his crimes?
Who is the uncle of Daenerys?
What does Tyrion protest about the independence of the Iron Islands?
Who has negotiated a strong position for herself?
What do Dany and Tyrion discuss?
Who did Tyrion advise Daenerys to end her relationship with?
What does Tyrion say he is not good at?
What does Tyrion say she is more likely to let Daario go than by the actual loss of the relationship?
Who is not the only man Tyrion has ever loved?
Who makes Tyrion her Hand?
What does Daenerys name him?
Where did Tyrion kneel before Daenerys?
What is the flagship of Daenerys?
Who does Cersei break to when they make a list of their enemies?
What is the name of Tyrion's appointment?
Who arrives on Dragonstone?
What table does Tyrion follow Daenerys from the shore of the island to?
Who did Tyrion caution Daenerys not to attack Westeros?
What was Varys's loyalty from when he served her father?
Who did Varys secure the alliance of?
Who did Daenerys request that Varys explain himself without support from?
What does Daenerys request that Varys not conspire against her?
Who announces the arrival of Melisandre?
Who's coronation as King is confirmed by Grey Worm?
Who encourages Tyrion to make an alliance with Melisandre?
Who clashes with Ellaria during Daenerys's council meeting?
What niece did Tyrion poison?
Who will not attack Westeros?
Where will the Greyjoy fleet ferry the Dornish army north to lay siege to?
What is the true seat of House Lannister's power?
Who agree to follow Tyrion's plan?
Who decimated Yara Greyjoy's fleet on their way to Dorne?
Where is Tyrion seen meeting with Jon Snow, Davos Seaworth, and their men?
What does Tyrion call Jon?
What kind of barbs do Tyrion and Davos exchange back and forth?
What are Jon and his party forced to do?
What happens when the party is escorted towards the castle?
Who does Jon and Tyrion exchange looks of concern at?
What do Jon and Tyrion think he's crazy for going to?
What does Tyrion believe would work out well for the Starks?
Who swoops down towards the Northern party?
What does Jon take a moment to recover from?
Who worries Tyrion?
What is the meeting tense as both sides refuse to submit to the other's demands?
Who vouchs for Jon's integrity and character, helping to soften Daenerys' attitude towards the insistent and unbowing
Who is Westeros doomed by?
Who delivers news about Greyjoy fleet?
Who allows Jon and Davos to stay as guests until they can reach a proper agreement?
Where does Tyrion meet with Jon?
Who pose a threat to Jon?
Who does Tyrion confide that he trusts Jon?
Who does Tyrion vouche for?
What does Tyrion ask Jon?
What vein does Jon tell Tyrion about beneath Dragonstone?
Who convinces Dany to allow Jon to mine the dragon glass?
Who gives Jon permission to mine the dragon glass?
Who destroyed Yara's fleet?
Who did Tyrion and Missandei argue against?
What is the purpose of Tyrion's plan to seize Casterly Rock?
Who captures Casterly Rock?
What does Euron's Iron Fleet attack?
Who inform Daenerys that the Unsullied succeeded in capturing Casterly Rock?
What has Daenerys gained from the Unsullied?
What did Tyrion blame Tyrion for losing?
Why does Tyrion accuse Daenerys of losing Dorne, the Iron Islands, and the Reach?
From what coast does Tyrion insist they have enough ships left to shuttle the Dothraki?
Who fumes that her vast numbers are useless if she can't feed them all?
Who did Daenerys say she will use the Dothraki and her dragons to destroy her enemies?
Who asks Daenerys to not attack King's Landing?
Where did the Lannister army win?
Who massacred his kinsmen?
Who saved Tyrion?
What does Daenerys offer to the surviving Lannister and Tarly men?
Who refuses Tyrion's loyalty to Cersei?
Who did Randyll denounce Tyrion's loyalty to?
Who orders Daenerys to burn them alive?
What battle did Tyrion discuss with Varys?
Who is not Tyrion's father?
Who does Varys say the message is for when Tyrion notices a message in his hand?
What did Tyrion suggest at Daenerys' council meeting?
Who should Tyrion first appeal to to convince Cersei to stand down?
Where does Davos agree to smuggle Tyrion into?
Where did Tyrion say he murdered his own father the last time he was in?
How long does Tyrion make his way into the Red Keep?
What kind of session does Bronn arrange the meeting?
Where did Tyrion outsmart Jaime?
Who does Tyrion ask for to know the real reason for the meeting?
How many Gold Cloaks does Tyrion spot near Davos's boat?
Who dispatches the two Gold Cloaks before the guards can arrest him?
Who is Tyrion introduced to?
Who gave Jorah the coin used to pay for him?
Who is Jon in love with?
What is the name of the gate that Tyrion tries to explain how he received his scar?
What does Daenerys say she doesn't want Dany to be a hero?
Which men fell in love with Dany?
How does Tyrion respond to Jon Snow?
What does Tyrion call Jon too little for her?
What does Daenerys say she knows Tyrion?
What does Daenerys say will happen if she meets Cersei?
What would Daenerys do to her first?
What do Daenerys and Tyrion vow to do if they go to the capital?
Who is probably thinking the same thing about Daenerys?
When Daenerys asks him if they should lay a trap, what does Tyrion say?
What does Daenerys say is not the right way of ruling?
What did Tyrion promise to do to Aegon Targaryen?
Who did Tyrion meet with to keep the Lannister's forces in check if Daenerys doesn't lose her temper?
What does Daenerys respond to when she killed the Tarlys?
Who takes his family's side once again?
What is the only way to beat the Tarlys?
Who discusses children with Daenerys?
Who said she believes she can't have children?
Who did Daenerys remind him they lost?
Who says they will discuss Daenerys after she is Queen?
Who tries to stop Daenerys from going beyond the Wall?
Who did Tyrion claim did Daenerys know when they left?
Who did Daenerys step on?
What is the hardest thing to do if Daenerys dies?
Who tells Daenerys to do nothing once?
What do Tyrion look at her as she dives off the cliff?
Who agrees to a summit in the Dragonpit at King's Landing?
What fleet did Tyrion, Varys, Missandei, Jon and Davos nervously sail past?
Who leads the Targaryen entourage to the Dragonpit?
Where does Tyrion lead the Targaryen entourage?
Who leads the Targaryen entourage to the Dragonpit?
Where does Tyrion lead the Targaryen entourage?
Who escorts Tyrion into the Tower of the Hand?
What is the name of the office that Tyrion and Cersei once occupied?
Who did Cersei accuse him of trying to bring down?
Who did Tyrion believe no one would have touched while Tywin was alive?
What did Tyrion believe he was unaware of to Daenerys?
Who does Tyrion try to goad her into having him killed?
Who does Cersei look ready to give the order to?
Why did Cersei refuse to give the order to Ser Gregor?
Who is better at controlling her violent impulses than she is?
What did Cersei feel when she saw the wight?
What does Tyrion believe she is with another incestuous child by Jaime?
Who joins Tyrion's allies at the Dragonpit?
Who claims she will send the Lannister forces north to fight alongside the Starks and the Targaryens?
Where will Tyrion and Snow take them to?
Who did Tyrion witness on the voyage to White Harbor?
What is Tyrion concerned about for his Queen?
Who did Bronn eliminate her brothers if they survive the war against?
Who helps the North in the Great War?
Who did Jon give up his crown to?
Who did Tyrion reveal they allied with to defeat the Night King?
Who was the last person to see Sansa at the wedding of Tyrion?
Who did Tyrion believe will honor the pledge to send the Lannister forces north?
Who did she think was the cleverest man she ever met?
What did Jaime realize when she arrives at Winterfell?
Who vouches for Jaime?
Who replies, Like your sister?
Who explains Jaime?
Who is furious with Tyrion for not expecting Cersei's betrayal?
What do Tyrion, Podrick, Jaime, Brienne of Tarth, Tormund and Davos Seaworth do while preparing
Who did Tyrion watch from the battlements of Winterfell?
Who celebrates the defeat of the dead?
Who sent Tyrion to kill her brothers?
What was Tyrion promised as a reward?
How much did Tyrion promise to kill him?
What battle did Tyrion take part in?
Who does Tyrion convince Cersei to besieging the city instead of using the dragons?
Who does Tyrion inform about his true parentage from Sansa?
Who executed Cersei after the Iron Fleet's ambush?
Where does Tyrion return to when King's Landing is besieged by the Unsullied?
Who is being besieged by the Unsullied?
What did Tyrion overhear Varys pleading with him to take?
Who burns Tyrion alive?
Who watches in horror as King's Landing is destroyed?
Who was captured while trying to sneak into the city?
When did Tyrion secretly release Jaime?
Where does Tyrion convince Cersei to flee to to start a new life?
Who did Tyrion tearfully thank for being the only family member to treat him with love and not as a monster?
Who burns King's Landing?
How does Tyrion stare at the destruction of King's Landing?
Where does Tyrion wander through?
Where does Tyrion decide to go alone?
What does Daenerys confront Tyrion about?
What is the name of the brooch that Daenerys removes before throwing it away in disgust?
Who does Daenerys order?
Who does Jon visit in his cell to speak of Daenerys's actions?
Who did Tyrion admit he was wrong to betray?
What did Tyrion try to reason out Varys's actions?
Who tells Jon that I know you love Daenerys?
What do Tyrion tell him about Daenerys?
What is more powerful than reason?
What is the death of duty?
What does Tyrion say is the death of love?
Who is now the biggest threat to Daenerys?
Who is the true heir to the throne?
What does Tyrion believe Daenerys is the true heir to the throne?
What does Tyrion remind Jon of?
What is Jon's belief that Daenerys will not bend the knee to Daenerys?
Who is brought before the Great Council of Westeros?
Where is Tyrion tried by all the Lords of the Seven Kingdoms?
Who does Tyrion convince to let the new King of the Seven Kingdoms punish Jon?
What does Tyrion ask the gathering to do to the new monarch of the Seven Kingdoms?
Who is the living memory of the world?
What does Tyrion say is for the better as heirs often don't make good kings?
Who accepts the new king?
What does Bran charge Tyrion for his past mistakes in supporting and committing treason against Bran's predecessor?
Who opposes treason against Bran's predecessor?
What does Tyrion say is for the better as heirs often don't make good kings?
Who accepts the new king?
What does Bran charge Tyrion for his past mistakes in supporting and committing treason against Bran's predecessor?
Who opposes treason against Bran's predecessor?
What is the name of the vacant positions that Tyrion assures will be filled before the king goes away to find Drogon?
What are the primary tasks of Tyrion?
What did Tyrion bring into a brothel?
What title does Tyrion's father try to deny him?
Who is the last surviving child of?
Who was Tyrion born a member of?
What type of intellect has Tyrion committed himself to possess to help make up his dwarfism?
What was Tyrion's defense during the Battle of the Blackwater?
Along with Littlefinger and Pycelle, what two players have Tyrion gotten the better of?
What is Tyrion able to do about his short stature?
What does Tyrion's bastard status mean?
What has Tyrion shown his fellow outcasts kindness?
How is Tyrion upset when the helpless are harmed?
Who carried out an order to kill a defenseless baby girl?
Tyrion is genuinely loyal to those who treat him with what?
What did Tyrion consider the Red Wedding events?
Who is the Master of Whisperers?
Tyrion and Varys are both fond of what?
What was the reason Tyrion and Varys were wary of each other at first?
What is Tyrion not without?
What will Tyrion quickly find when he's stressed, upset or uncomfortable?
Who did Tyrion confin to the Black Cells for betraying him?
What does Tyrion crave because his father and sister treated him like a social leper?
What does Tywin's family do to him?
Who blames Tyrion for causing the death of their mother?
Who was the only person Tywin ever loved?
Tywin hates Tyrion for what?
What is the embarrassment that Tyrion was born with?
Who was Tyrion's older brother?
Who did Tyrion harbor a mutual admiration for?
What happened to Tyrion's father?
Who did Tyrion thank Tyrion's brother for treating him like a brother?
Who was Tyrion's sister?
Who showed active care, affection, love and worry for Tyrion?
What did Tyrion reciprocate with his sister Cersei?
Who did Tyrion enrage when he learned of Mrycella's death?
Who was Tyrion's sister?
Who showed active care, affection, love and worry for Tyrion?
What did Tyrion reciprocate with his sister Cersei?
Who did Tyrion enrage when he learned of Mrycella's death?
What do Tyrion's skills with political maneuvering, administration, and diplomacy differ from his father?
Who is Tyrion similar to?
At what battle did Tyrion achieve a successful ambush?
Who did Daenerys win against?
Who did Daenerys lose patience with his strategy and take matters into her own hands?
Who was the King in the North?
Who advised Daenerys not to resort to violence in order to solve problems?
What did Tyrion try to do to Daenerys?
What does Tyrion always want to do with matters?
Who is featured in a range of promotional images and screen captures?
When is Tyrion in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
Who were the actors in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
Who is four years older than Lena Headey?
How many colors does Tyrion have?
What is Tyrion described as having?
What types of hairs does Tyrion have when he lets his beard grow in?
Who said that bearded dwarfs are a fantasy stereotype?
Who hated Tyrion ever he was born?
Who wrote the prophecy about the valonqar?
Who treated Tyrion kindly?
What has Tyrion been interested in since he was a child?
What was Tyrion's dream of riding a dragon?
Who were Tyrion's uncles?
What are most of Tyrion's accounts about dragons?
Who orders Tyrion to set down all he knows of dragonlore?
Who did Tyrion think about meeting?
What has Tyrion been interested in since he was a child?
What was Tyrion's dream of riding a dragon?
Who were Tyrion's uncles?
What are most of Tyrion's accounts about dragons?
Who orders Tyrion to set down all he knows of dragonlore?
Who did Tyrion think about meeting?
At what battle is Tyrion not knocked out by his own men?
What kind of adversity does Tyrion hold at the Battle of the Green Fork?
Who was Tyrion's father's command?
Who ruined the plan to kill Tyrion?
What is Tyrion's role in the Battle of the Green Fork?
What happened to Jaime in the Battle of the Green Fork?
Who becomes their new commander when Tyrion relieves Janos Slynt of command of the Gold cloaks?
Who comes up with the suggestion to send Joffrey some prostitutes to soften his temper?
Who sent Littlefinger to Catelyn at Renly's camp?
How many men have Tyrion sent to break Jaime out?
What does Tyrion use from a brothel to approach Shae?
Who is the servant of Stannis' troops?
What is the most important of the defenses for the city that Tyrion builds?
In what book is Tyrion's nose cut off by Ser Mandon Moore's sword swipe?
Who explained that Tyrion loses his nose in the battle of Blackwater?
What would I wear for the next few years?
Who would have a lot of work on their hands?
What did the digital artist come up with in the book's version of the Battle of Blackwater?
What did Dinklage start doing when a stage hand closes the clapperboard?
In what reel did Dinklage start pretending that board was held too close and cut his nose off?
Who blames Tyrion for being poisoned in A Storm of Swords?
Who is Tyrion's uncle?
Who is killed and Tyrion is sentenced to death?
Who does Tyrion kill while he is on the privy?
Who did Tyrion escape from in the fourth season of A Storm of Swords?
What is the fourth book of Tyrion's book?
Who found a Tyrell coin in the cell of Cersei's undergaoler?
What is the name of a bounty hunter who kills several innocent dwarfs?
Who kills several innocent dwarfs?
What dwarf performed at Joffrey's wedding?
Where does Varys stay?
Where does Varys arrange for Illyrio Mopatis to shelter him?
Who is Tyrion persuaded by Illyrio to help in reclaiming the Iron Throne?
Who is Tyrion's friend?
Who are Griff and Aegon Targaryen?
Who treats Tyrion hostilely?
Who will Aegon soon meet?
What does Tyrion pour on the overconfident youth's hopes?
What does Tyrion believe Aegon will look like a beggar?
Who accepts Tyrion's advice?
Who attacks Tyrion?
Where do Stone Men attack Tyrion?
What does Connington get infected with during the journey?
Who rescues Tyrion?
Who captures Tyrion?
Who is Penny's brother?
Who is one of the dwarfs who performed at Joffrey's wedding?
What is the destination of Oppo's ship?
Who is the Red Priest of Volantis?
Who tells Tyrion he has seen him in a vision as a small man with a big shadow?
What is Tyrion flattered to hear?
In what storm is the ship badly damaged?
Who captures the passengers of the ship after floating for days?
Who are sold to Yezzan zo Qaggaz?
What board game does Tyrion impress Yezzan?
Where are Tyrion and Penny made to perform?
What did Daenerys do to the slave masters?
Who is among the victims of the siege?
Where does Tyrion escape with Jorah and Penny?
Who is Tyrion's birthright?
Who does Varys shoot with a crossbow to fool Cersei into thinking Tyrion is still in the capital?
In what book is Tyrion set to return?
Who convinced the Second Sons to rejoin Daenerys?
Who has confirmed that Tyrion and Daenerys will meet face to face in The Winds of Winter?
What taboo did Tyrion loathe Joffrey?
Who does Tyrion kill?
What have Tyrion and Jaime always been on?
What did Jaime bring when Tyrion was small?
What was Tyrion's first pony?
What did Tyrion think about in the fifth novel?
Who is the first name that comes to Tyrion's mind when he is asked what?
What did Tyrion begin to have second thoughts about?
What is Tyrion Lannister pronounced?
Who is Lord Eddard Stark?
Who is Lord Tywin Lannister?
Who is the Lord Eddard Stark?
Who is Lord Eddard Stark?
What is Brienne from?
Who is Ser Jaime Lannister?
Who is Ser Barristan Selmy?
What is the name of the company?
What is the name of Lord Mace Tyrell?
What is the name of Qyburn?
Who is the name of the man?
What is the name of the seaworth?
